ominous_0	ominous	ɒmɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/om/ominous_0.wav
accelerometer_0	accelerometer	ækˌsɛlərɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accelerometer_0.wav
tights_0	tights	taɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tights_0.wav
breccia_0	breccia	brɛtʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breccia_0.wav
3-d_0	3-d	θridi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/3-/3-d_0.wav
canoewood_0	canoewood	kənuːˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canoewood_0.wav
immensely_0	immensely	ɪmensli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immensely_0.wav
hotien_0	hotien	həʊtjɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hotien_0.wav
wristlock_0	wristlock	rɪstˌlɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wristlock_0.wav
clothe_0	clothe	kloʊð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clothe_0.wav
certificated_1	certificated	səʳtɪfɪkeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/certificated_1.wav
pilferage_0	pilferage	pɪlfərɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pilferage_0.wav
eccremocarpus_0	eccremocarpus	ˌɛkrəməkɑːpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/eccremocarpus_0.wav
kinetic_0	kinetic	kɪnetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kinetic_0.wav
overreact_0	overreact	oʊvəʳriækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overreact_0.wav
arcadia_1	arcadia	ɑːkeɪdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arcadia_1.wav
peck_0	peck	pek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peck_0.wav
giblet_0	giblet	dʒɪblɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/giblet_0.wav
maund_0	maund	mɔːnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maund_0.wav
klong_0	klong	klɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kl/klong_0.wav
send_3	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_3.wav
margravine_0	margravine	mɑːɡrəˌviːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/margravine_0.wav
subclinical_0	subclinical	sʌbklɪnɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subclinical_0.wav
acarology_0	acarology	ˌækərɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acarology_0.wav
uniformity_0	uniformity	juːnɪfɔːʳmɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uniformity_0.wav
intemperate_0	intemperate	ɪntempərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intemperate_0.wav
pepsinogen_0	pepsinogen	pɛpsɪnədʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pepsinogen_0.wav
disaffected_0	disaffected	dɪsəfektɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disaffected_0.wav
sub-saharan_0	sub-saharan	ˌsʌbsəhærən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sub-saharan_0.wav
engage_1	engage	ɪngeɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/engage_1.wav
fray_1	fray	freɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fray_1.wav
proximity_0	proximity	prɒksɪmɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proximity_0.wav
separation_0	separation	sepəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/separation_0.wav
ytterbic_0	ytterbic	ɪtɜːbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yt/ytterbic_0.wav
rochester_0	rochester	rɒtʃɪstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rochester_0.wav
elasticized_0	elasticized	ɪlæstɪsaɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elasticized_0.wav
pood_0	pood	puːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pood_0.wav
resubmit_0	resubmit	ˌriːsəbmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resubmit_0.wav
sauerkraut_0	sauerkraut	saʊəʳkraʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sauerkraut_0.wav
hosta_0	hosta	hɒstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hosta_0.wav
nickname_0	nickname	nɪkneɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nickname_0.wav
afloat_1	afloat	əfloʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/afloat_1.wav
bioelectricity_0	bioelectricity	ˌbaɪəʊˌɪlɛktrɪsɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bioelectricity_0.wav
puebla_0	puebla	pweβla	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/puebla_0.wav
cangue_0	cangue	kæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cangue_0.wav
rivet_0	rivet	rɪvɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rivet_0.wav
untraveled_0	untraveled	ʌntrævəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/untraveled_0.wav
trichromatism_0	trichromatism	traɪkrəʊməˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trichromatism_0.wav
phage_0	phage	feɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phage_0.wav
fahrenheit_0	fahrenheit	færənhaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fahrenheit_0.wav
spread_0	spread	spred	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spread_0.wav
reagent_0	reagent	rieɪdʒənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reagent_0.wav
ring-pull_0	ring-pull	rɪŋpʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ring-pull_0.wav
insufflate_0	insufflate	ɪnsʌˌfleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insufflate_0.wav
seropurulent_0	seropurulent	ˌsɪərəʊpjʊərələnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seropurulent_0.wav
nethead_0	nethead	nethed	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nethead_0.wav
tufted_0	tufted	tʌftɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tufted_0.wav
trilling_0	trilling	trɪlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trilling_0.wav
aguardiente_0	aguardiente	aɣwarðjente	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aguardiente_0.wav
maculate_0	maculate	mækjʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maculate_0.wav
moses_0	moses	məʊzɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moses_0.wav
anechoic_0	anechoic	ˌænɪkəʊɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anechoic_0.wav
nagoya_0	nagoya	nɑːɡəʊjə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nagoya_0.wav
greywether_0	greywether	ɡreɪˌwɛðə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greywether_0.wav
trochlea_0	trochlea	trɒklɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trochlea_0.wav
sadomasochistic_0	sadomasochistic	seɪdoʊmæsəkɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sadomasochistic_0.wav
prizefighter_0	prizefighter	praɪzfaɪtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prizefighter_0.wav
dragonroot_0	dragonroot	dræɡənˌruːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dragonroot_0.wav
hagiographa_0	hagiographa	ˌhæɡɪɒɡrəfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hagiographa_0.wav
spinnaker_0	spinnaker	spɪnəkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spinnaker_0.wav
constatation_0	constatation	ˌkɒnstəteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/constatation_0.wav
epithelioma_0	epithelioma	ˌɛpɪˌθiːlɪəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epithelioma_0.wav
bile_0	bile	baɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bile_0.wav
dos_1	dos	dɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dos_1.wav
leek_1	leek	liːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leek_1.wav
violoncello_0	violoncello	ˌvaɪələntʃɛləʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/violoncello_0.wav
stays_0	stays	steɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stays_0.wav
microphysics_0	microphysics	ˌmaɪkrəʊfɪzɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/microphysics_0.wav
frisbee_0	frisbee	frɪzbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frisbee_0.wav
lamasery_0	lamasery	lɑːməsərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamasery_0.wav
challenging_0	challenging	tʃælɪndʒɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/challenging_0.wav
serovar_0	serovar	sɪərəˌvɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serovar_0.wav
asap_0	asap	eɪ es eɪ piː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asap_0.wav
bosun_0	bosun	boʊsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bosun_0.wav
guideline_0	guideline	gaɪdlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guideline_0.wav
fictitious_1	fictitious	fɪktɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fictitious_1.wav
hypochlorite_0	hypochlorite	ˌhaɪpəklɔːraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypochlorite_0.wav
aveiro_0	aveiro	əvejru	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/aveiro_0.wav
residence_0	residence	rezɪdəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/residence_0.wav
manus_0	manus	meɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manus_0.wav
tapajós_0	tapajós	tapaʒɔs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tapajós_0.wav
farhi_0	farhi	fɑːhɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/farhi_0.wav
dreamless_0	dreamless	driːmləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dreamless_0.wav
panic_0	panic	pænɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panic_0.wav
finney_0	finney	fɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finney_0.wav
smarts_0	smarts	smɑrts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smarts_0.wav
these_1	these	ðiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/these_1.wav
misunderstood_0	misunderstood	mɪsʌndəʳstʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misunderstood_0.wav
isallobar_0	isallobar	aɪsæləˌbɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isallobar_0.wav
provincialism_0	provincialism	prəvɪnʃəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/provincialism_0.wav
immortals_0	immortals	ɪmɔːtəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immortals_0.wav
av_0	av	æv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/av_0.wav
haemorrhoids_0	haemorrhoids	hɛməˌrɔɪdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haemorrhoids_0.wav
emblements_0	emblements	ɛmbləmənts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emblements_0.wav
gangrenous_0	gangrenous	gæŋgrɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangrenous_0.wav
optimal_0	optimal	ɒptɪməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/optimal_0.wav
toughie_0	toughie	tʌfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toughie_0.wav
build_1	build	bɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/build_1.wav
toe_0	toe	toʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toe_0.wav
housesit_0	housesit	haʊsˌsɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/housesit_0.wav
droid_0	droid	drɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/droid_0.wav
fabrikoid_0	fabrikoid	fæbrɪˌkɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fabrikoid_0.wav
admetus_0	admetus	ædmiːtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/admetus_0.wav
kingbolt_0	kingbolt	kɪŋˌbəʊlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kingbolt_0.wav
seafront_0	seafront	siːfrʌnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seafront_0.wav
dietician_0	dietician	daɪətɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dietician_0.wav
cauld_0	cauld	kɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cauld_0.wav
arkwright_0	arkwright	ɑːkraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arkwright_0.wav
iambic_0	iambic	aɪæmbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ia/iambic_0.wav
wentworth_0	wentworth	wɛntwəθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wentworth_0.wav
agrarian_1	agrarian	əgreəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agrarian_1.wav
metical_0	metical	mɛtɪˌkæl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metical_0.wav
gunter_1	gunter	gʌntərz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunter_1.wav
reposition_0	reposition	riːpəzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reposition_0.wav
bagehot_0	bagehot	bædʒət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bagehot_0.wav
sweated_0	sweated	swɛtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweated_0.wav
greyhen_0	greyhen	ɡreɪˌhɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greyhen_0.wav
picloram_0	picloram	pɪkləˌræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/picloram_0.wav
morphophoneme_0	morphophoneme	ˌmɔːfəʊfəʊniːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morphophoneme_0.wav
nondenominational_0	nondenominational	ˌnɒndɪˌnɒmɪneɪʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nondenominational_0.wav
gyroscope_0	gyroscope	dʒaɪrəskoʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gy/gyroscope_0.wav
tyrothricin_0	tyrothricin	ˌtaɪrəʊθraɪsɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tyrothricin_0.wav
darbouka_0	darbouka	dɑːbuːkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/darbouka_0.wav
limerick_0	limerick	lɪmərɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/limerick_0.wav
sown_0	sown	soʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sown_0.wav
ascorbate_0	ascorbate	əskɔːbeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ascorbate_0.wav
gaborone_0	gaborone	ˌhæbərəʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaborone_0.wav
litmus_0	litmus	lɪtməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/litmus_0.wav
icositetrahedron_0	icositetrahedron	ˌaɪkəsɪˌtɛtrəhiːdrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/icositetrahedron_0.wav
reparation_0	reparation	repəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reparation_0.wav
vulgarism_0	vulgarism	vʌlɡəˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulgarism_0.wav
put_0	put	pʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/put_0.wav
tulpa_0	tulpa	tʊlpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tulpa_0.wav
estate_0	estate	ɪsteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/estate_0.wav
staffa_0	staffa	stæfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/staffa_0.wav
crossbreed_0	crossbreed	krɒsˌbriːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crossbreed_0.wav
yemeni_0	yemeni	jemɪni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yemeni_0.wav
dramedy_0	dramedy	drɑːmɪdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dramedy_0.wav
spuggy_0	spuggy	spʊɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spuggy_0.wav
harley_0	harley	hɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harley_0.wav
auctioneer_0	auctioneer	ɔːkʃənɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auctioneer_0.wav
auscultation_0	auscultation	ˌɔːskəlteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auscultation_0.wav
aggression_0	aggression	əgreʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aggression_0.wav
savitskaya_0	savitskaya	sævɪtskaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savitskaya_0.wav
leftist_0	leftist	leftɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leftist_0.wav
orchitis_0	orchitis	ɔːkaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orchitis_0.wav
nympholepsy_0	nympholepsy	nɪmfəˌlɛpsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ny/nympholepsy_0.wav
bikeway_0	bikeway	baɪkweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bikeway_0.wav
stale_0	stale	steɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stale_0.wav
dartmouth_0	dartmouth	dɑːtməθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dartmouth_0.wav
wealth_1	wealth	welθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wealth_1.wav
clot_1	clot	klɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clot_1.wav
uncompromising_0	uncompromising	ʌnkɒmprəmaɪzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncompromising_0.wav
hydrophilous_0	hydrophilous	haɪdrɒfɪləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrophilous_0.wav
reiki_0	reiki	reɪkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reiki_0.wav
autoallogamy_0	autoallogamy	ˌɔːtəʊəlɒɡəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autoallogamy_0.wav
potentiometer_0	potentiometer	pəˌtɛnʃɪɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potentiometer_0.wav
uncontrolled_0	uncontrolled	ʌnkəntroʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncontrolled_0.wav
glossitis_0	glossitis	ɡlɒsaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glossitis_0.wav
sorcery_0	sorcery	sɔːʳsəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sorcery_0.wav
photopolymer_0	photopolymer	ˌfəʊtəʊpɒlɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photopolymer_0.wav
peristalsis_0	peristalsis	ˌpɛrɪstælsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peristalsis_0.wav
adieu_0	adieu	ədjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adieu_0.wav
span_1	span	spæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/span_1.wav
zuma_0	zuma	zuːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zu/zuma_0.wav
coating_0	coating	koʊtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coating_0.wav
kanuri_0	kanuri	kɑnʊri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kanuri_0.wav
sequestrum_0	sequestrum	sɪkwɛstrəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sequestrum_0.wav
hiv-negative_0	hiv-negative	ˌeɪtʃaɪviːnɛɡətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hiv-negative_0.wav
horsey_0	horsey	hɔːʳsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horsey_0.wav
imperishable_1	imperishable	ɪmperɪʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imperishable_1.wav
complex_0	complex	kɒmpleks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complex_0.wav
swound_0	swound	swaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swound_0.wav
auction_0	auction	ɔːkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auction_0.wav
bronchia_0	bronchia	brɒŋkɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bronchia_0.wav
detract_1	detract	dɪtrækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detract_1.wav
etruscan_0	etruscan	ɪtrʌskən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etruscan_0.wav
banisters_0	banisters	bænɪstəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/banisters_0.wav
incisure_0	incisure	ɪnsaɪʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incisure_0.wav
cremains_1	cremains	krɪmeɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cremains_1.wav
whippoorwill_0	whippoorwill	wɪpʊəʳwɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whippoorwill_0.wav
hard-wired_0	hard-wired	hɑrdˌwaɪrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hard-wired_0.wav
megalitre_0	megalitre	mɛɡəˌliːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megalitre_0.wav
worse_0	worse	wɜːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worse_0.wav
mercian_0	mercian	mɜːʃɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mercian_0.wav
beigel_0	beigel	beɪɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beigel_0.wav
re-act_0	re-act	riːækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/re-act_0.wav
triol_0	triol	traɪɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triol_0.wav
solomon_0	solomon	sɒləmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solomon_0.wav
maronite_0	maronite	mærəˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maronite_0.wav
lactoscope_0	lactoscope	læktəˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lactoscope_0.wav
blatherskite_0	blatherskite	blæðəˌskaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blatherskite_0.wav
revengeful_0	revengeful	rɪvɛndʒfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/revengeful_0.wav
euclid_0	euclid	juːklɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euclid_0.wav
cumaná_0	cumaná	kumana	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cumaná_0.wav
sublet_1	sublet	sʌblet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sublet_1.wav
unaccomplished_0	unaccomplished	ˌʌnəkɒmplɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unaccomplished_0.wav
toolbox_0	toolbox	tuːlˌbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toolbox_0.wav
throw_0	throw	θroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/throw_0.wav
tylosis_0	tylosis	taɪləʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tylosis_0.wav
rotorua_0	rotorua	ˌrəʊtəruːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rotorua_0.wav
dashpot_0	dashpot	dæʃˌpɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dashpot_0.wav
bakra_0	bakra	bækrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bakra_0.wav
open-pollination_0	open-pollination	ˌoʊpənˌpɑləneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/open-pollination_0.wav
oxidation_0	oxidation	ɒksɪdeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxidation_0.wav
reappearance_0	reappearance	riːəpɪərəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reappearance_0.wav
divisor_0	divisor	dɪvaɪzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divisor_0.wav
paint_1	paint	peɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paint_1.wav
lice_1	lice	laɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lice_1.wav
inqilab_0	inqilab	ɪnkɪˌlɑːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inqilab_0.wav
plush_0	plush	plʌʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plush_0.wav
flatcar_0	flatcar	flætˌkɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flatcar_0.wav
fucked_0	fucked	fʌkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fucked_0.wav
quarterdeck_0	quarterdeck	kwɔːtəˌdɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quarterdeck_0.wav
nimrud_0	nimrud	nɪmruːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nimrud_0.wav
spectrin_0	spectrin	spɛktrɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spectrin_0.wav
abstrict_0	abstrict	æbstrɪkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abstrict_0.wav
miler_0	miler	maɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miler_0.wav
carmichael_0	carmichael	kɑːmaɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carmichael_0.wav
pavis_0	pavis	pævɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pavis_0.wav
whitehorse_0	whitehorse	waɪtˌhɔːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whitehorse_0.wav
schumann_0	schumann	ʃuːmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schumann_0.wav
upload_0	upload	ʌploʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upload_0.wav
stopple_0	stopple	stɒpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stopple_0.wav
tollage_0	tollage	təʊlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tollage_0.wav
vodou_0	vodou	voʊdu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vodou_0.wav
morbilli_0	morbilli	mɔːbɪlaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morbilli_0.wav
cytogenesis_0	cytogenesis	ˌsaɪtəʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cytogenesis_0.wav
cocker_0	cocker	kɒkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cocker_0.wav
dimerous_0	dimerous	dɪmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dimerous_0.wav
beanpole_0	beanpole	biːnpoʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beanpole_0.wav
archilochian_0	archilochian	ˌɑːkɪləʊkɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archilochian_0.wav
homiletics_0	homiletics	ˌhɒmɪlɛtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homiletics_0.wav
miscegenation_0	miscegenation	ˌmɪsɪdʒɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miscegenation_0.wav
indoor_0	indoor	ɪndɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indoor_0.wav
agreeable_0	agreeable	əgriːəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agreeable_0.wav
atp_0	atp	ˌeɪtiːpiːˌeɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atp_0.wav
confucius_1	confucius	kənfjuːʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confucius_1.wav
arousal_1	arousal	əraʊzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arousal_1.wav
fluidextract_0	fluidextract	fluːɪdɛkstrækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluidextract_0.wav
prelate_0	prelate	prelɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prelate_0.wav
flaunch_0	flaunch	flɔːntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flaunch_0.wav
monomer_0	monomer	mɒnəmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monomer_0.wav
keres_0	keres	keɪˌrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keres_0.wav
desertion_1	desertion	dɪzɜːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/desertion_1.wav
shook_1	shook	ʃʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shook_1.wav
nap_1	nap	næp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nap_1.wav
borders_0	borders	bɔːdəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/borders_0.wav
short-range_0	short-range	ʃɔrtˌreɪndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/short-range_0.wav
hepatic_1	hepatic	hɪpætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hepatic_1.wav
aviemore_0	aviemore	ˌævɪmɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/aviemore_0.wav
relieved_0	relieved	rɪliːvd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relieved_0.wav
abruzzi_0	abruzzi	ɑbrutsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abruzzi_0.wav
fipple_0	fipple	fɪpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fipple_0.wav
heart-whole_0	heart-whole	hɑrtˌhoʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heart-whole_0.wav
euryphagous_0	euryphagous	jurɪfəgəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euryphagous_0.wav
sexologist_0	sexologist	seksɒlədʒɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sexologist_0.wav
decubitus_0	decubitus	dɪkjuːbɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decubitus_0.wav
aerofoil_0	aerofoil	ɛərəʊˌfɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerofoil_0.wav
sansevieria_0	sansevieria	ˌsænsɪvɪərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sansevieria_0.wav
guaranteed_0	guaranteed	gærəntiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guaranteed_0.wav
masculine_0	masculine	mæskjʊlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/masculine_0.wav
organ_0	organ	ɔːʳgən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organ_0.wav
bane_0	bane	beɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bane_0.wav
toilsome_0	toilsome	tɔɪlsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toilsome_0.wav
pockmark_0	pockmark	pɒkmɑːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pockmark_0.wav
prefabricate_0	prefabricate	priːfæbrɪˌkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prefabricate_0.wav
suppletion_0	suppletion	səpliːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppletion_0.wav
equipollent_0	equipollent	ˌiːkwɪpɒlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equipollent_0.wav
conjoin_1	conjoin	kəndʒɔɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conjoin_1.wav
mori_0	mori	mɔːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mori_0.wav
creeps_0	creeps	kriːps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/creeps_0.wav
quinoid_0	quinoid	kwɪnˌɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quinoid_0.wav
nixie_0	nixie	nɪksɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nixie_0.wav
cornice_0	cornice	kɔːʳnɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornice_0.wav
loy_0	loy	lɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loy_0.wav
effect_0	effect	ɪfekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effect_0.wav
lucarne_0	lucarne	luːkɑːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lucarne_0.wav
koneke_0	koneke	kɒnˌɛkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/koneke_0.wav
chardonnay_0	chardonnay	ʃɑːdəˌneɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chardonnay_0.wav
blonde_1	blonde	blɒnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blonde_1.wav
armload_0	armload	ɑːʳmloʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/armload_0.wav
antiterrorist_0	antiterrorist	ˌæntɪtɛrərɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiterrorist_0.wav
hewish_0	hewish	hjuːɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hewish_0.wav
leptosome_0	leptosome	lɛptəˌsəʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leptosome_0.wav
immediately_0	immediately	ɪmiːdiətli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immediately_0.wav
evanish_0	evanish	ɪvænɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evanish_0.wav
exude_0	exude	ɪɡzjuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exude_0.wav
andropause_0	andropause	ændrəʊˌpɔːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/andropause_0.wav
slum_0	slum	slʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slum_0.wav
kerb_0	kerb	kɜːʳb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kerb_0.wav
volunteer_0	volunteer	vɒləntɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/volunteer_0.wav
draggy_0	draggy	dræɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/draggy_0.wav
mistaken_1	mistaken	mɪsteɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mistaken_1.wav
appositive_0	appositive	əpɒzɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appositive_0.wav
eurythermal_0	eurythermal	ˌjʊərɪθɜːməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eurythermal_0.wav
ribaldry_0	ribaldry	rɪbəldrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ribaldry_0.wav
montaigne_0	montaigne	mɔ̃tɛɲ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/montaigne_0.wav
world_0	world	wɜːʳld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/world_0.wav
rigorism_0	rigorism	rɪɡəˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rigorism_0.wav
unreckonable_0	unreckonable	ʌnrɛkənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unreckonable_0.wav
overstay_0	overstay	oʊvəʳsteɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overstay_0.wav
medico_0	medico	mɛdɪˌkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medico_0.wav
hypothetico-deductive_0	hypothetico-deductive	ˌhaɪpəθɛtɪkəʊdɪdʌktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypothetico-deductive_0.wav
bordello_0	bordello	bɔːʳdeloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bordello_0.wav
pareidolia_0	pareidolia	ˌpæraɪdəʊlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pareidolia_0.wav
scorper_0	scorper	skɔːpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scorper_0.wav
cow_1	cow	kaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cow_1.wav
wireless_0	wireless	waɪəʳləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wireless_0.wav
tenorist_0	tenorist	tɛnərɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tenorist_0.wav
lambskin_0	lambskin	læmˌskɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lambskin_0.wav
frivolity_1	frivolity	frɪvɒlɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frivolity_1.wav
globus_0	globus	ɡləʊbəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/globus_0.wav
kestrel_0	kestrel	kestrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kestrel_0.wav
adjoint_0	adjoint	ædˌdʒɔɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adjoint_0.wav
hartford_0	hartford	hɑːtfəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hartford_0.wav
upgrowth_0	upgrowth	ʌpˌɡrəʊθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upgrowth_0.wav
visceral_0	visceral	vɪsərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/visceral_0.wav
hypnosis_1	hypnosis	hɪpnoʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypnosis_1.wav
mellifluent_0	mellifluent	məlɪfluənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mellifluent_0.wav
lemniscate_0	lemniscate	lɛmnɪskɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lemniscate_0.wav
bromoform_0	bromoform	brəʊməˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bromoform_0.wav
hanoverian_0	hanoverian	ˌhænəvɪərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hanoverian_0.wav
corbicula_0	corbicula	kɔːbɪkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corbicula_0.wav
pentaquark_0	pentaquark	pɛntəˌkwɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pentaquark_0.wav
disremember_0	disremember	ˌdɪsrɪmɛmbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disremember_0.wav
floating_0	floating	fləʊtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/floating_0.wav
saddleback_0	saddleback	sædəlˌbæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saddleback_0.wav
bullfight_0	bullfight	bʊlfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bullfight_0.wav
autoworker_0	autoworker	ɔtoʊwɜrkər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autoworker_0.wav
droll_1	droll	droʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/droll_1.wav
sampras_0	sampras	sæmpˌræs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sampras_0.wav
rottweiler_0	rottweiler	rɒtvaɪləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rottweiler_0.wav
floral_0	floral	flɔːrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/floral_0.wav
thrombogen_0	thrombogen	θrɒmbəˌdʒɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrombogen_0.wav
astrochemistry_0	astrochemistry	ˌæstrəʊkɛmɪstrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astrochemistry_0.wav
jayapura_0	jayapura	ˌdʒɑːjɑːpʊərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jayapura_0.wav
solar_0	solar	soʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solar_0.wav
indies_0	indies	ɪndɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indies_0.wav
miles_0	miles	maɪlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miles_0.wav
mundane_0	mundane	mʌndeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mundane_0.wav
misericord_0	misericord	mɪzɛrɪˌkɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misericord_0.wav
triumviral_0	triumviral	traɪʌmvərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triumviral_0.wav
well-mannered_0	well-mannered	wɛlmænərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-mannered_0.wav
preachify_0	preachify	priːtʃɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preachify_0.wav
entertain_0	entertain	entəʳteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entertain_0.wav
underpaid_0	underpaid	ʌndəʳpeɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underpaid_0.wav
t1_0	t1	tiwʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/t1/t1_0.wav
toehold_0	toehold	toʊhoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toehold_0.wav
prevalent_0	prevalent	prevələnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prevalent_0.wav
colligative_0	colligative	kəlɪɡətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colligative_0.wav
altaic_0	altaic	ælteɪɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/altaic_0.wav
initiator_1	initiator	ɪnɪʃieɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/initiator_1.wav
communicant_1	communicant	kəmjuːnɪkənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/communicant_1.wav
mispleading_0	mispleading	mɪspliːdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mispleading_0.wav
teleprocessing_0	teleprocessing	ˌtɛlɪprəʊsɛsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teleprocessing_0.wav
yaroslavl_0	yaroslavl	jɪraslavlj	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yaroslavl_0.wav
anthropogenic_0	anthropogenic	ˌænθrəpəʊdʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthropogenic_0.wav
terms_0	terms	tɜːmz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terms_0.wav
trainers_0	trainers	treɪnəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trainers_0.wav
schlub_0	schlub	ʃlʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schlub_0.wav
consumedly_0	consumedly	kənsjuːmɪdlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consumedly_0.wav
malvasia_0	malvasia	ˌmælvəsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malvasia_0.wav
trifocal_0	trifocal	traɪfəʊkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trifocal_0.wav
identical_0	identical	aɪdentɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/identical_0.wav
nonskid_0	nonskid	ˌnɒnskɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonskid_0.wav
ting_0	ting	tɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/ting_0.wav
shuttlecock_0	shuttlecock	ʃʌtəlkɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shuttlecock_0.wav
prepreg_0	prepreg	priːˌprɛɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prepreg_0.wav
sabaean_0	sabaean	səbiːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sabaean_0.wav
rested_0	rested	restɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rested_0.wav
polynuclear_0	polynuclear	ˌpɒlɪnjuːklɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polynuclear_0.wav
layperson_0	layperson	leɪpɜrsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/layperson_0.wav
grillage_0	grillage	ɡrɪlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grillage_0.wav
comprehensive_0	comprehensive	kɒmprɪhensɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comprehensive_0.wav
mollah_0	mollah	mɔːlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mollah_0.wav
faroes_0	faroes	fɛərəʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faroes_0.wav
see_1	see	siː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/see_1.wav
novelette_0	novelette	ˌnɒvəlɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/novelette_0.wav
grandaunt_0	grandaunt	ɡrændˌɑːnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grandaunt_0.wav
interrupter_0	interrupter	ˌɪntərʌptə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interrupter_0.wav
ixtacihuatl_0	ixtacihuatl	ˌistɑsiwɑtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ix/ixtacihuatl_0.wav
lexigram_0	lexigram	lɛksɪˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lexigram_0.wav
handprint_0	handprint	hændˌprɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handprint_0.wav
spearman_0	spearman	spɪəmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spearman_0.wav
tammy_0	tammy	tæmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tammy_0.wav
dammar_0	dammar	dæmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dammar_0.wav
overhaul_0	overhaul	oʊvəʳhɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overhaul_0.wav
brunswick_0	brunswick	brʌnzwɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brunswick_0.wav
galloglass_0	galloglass	ɡæləʊˌɡlɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galloglass_0.wav
checked_0	checked	tʃekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/checked_0.wav
feature_0	feature	fiːtʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feature_0.wav
bothersome_0	bothersome	bɒðəʳsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bothersome_0.wav
foal_1	foal	foʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foal_1.wav
laureate_0	laureate	lɔːrɪɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laureate_0.wav
jalousie_0	jalousie	ʒælʊˌziː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jalousie_0.wav
indicia_0	indicia	ɪndɪʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indicia_0.wav
wallachian_0	wallachian	wɒleɪkɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wallachian_0.wav
stationer_0	stationer	steɪʃənəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stationer_0.wav
oppress_0	oppress	əpres	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/oppress_0.wav
keratin_0	keratin	kɛrətɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keratin_0.wav
untruthful_0	untruthful	ʌntruːθfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/untruthful_0.wav
braindead_0	braindead	breɪnˌdɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/braindead_0.wav
wearable_0	wearable	weərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wearable_0.wav
pericardium_0	pericardium	ˌpɛrɪkɑːdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pericardium_0.wav
well-worn_0	well-worn	wɛlwɔrn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-worn_0.wav
localizer_0	localizer	loʊkəlˌaɪzər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/localizer_0.wav
emulsion_0	emulsion	ɪmʌlʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emulsion_0.wav
iguaçú_0	iguaçú	iɡwasu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ig/iguaçú_0.wav
clag_0	clag	klæɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clag_0.wav
tiltyard_0	tiltyard	tɪltˌjɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiltyard_0.wav
lukács_0	lukács	luːkætʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lukács_0.wav
pedocal_0	pedocal	pɛdəˌkæl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pedocal_0.wav
syllabary_0	syllabary	sɪləbərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syllabary_0.wav
swampy_0	swampy	swɒmpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swampy_0.wav
cliquey_0	cliquey	kliːki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cliquey_0.wav
quell_1	quell	kwel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quell_1.wav
gofer_0	gofer	goʊfəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gofer_0.wav
disdainful_0	disdainful	dɪsdeɪnfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disdainful_0.wav
influential_0	influential	ɪnfluenʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/influential_0.wav
antiferromagnetism_0	antiferromagnetism	ˌæntɪˌfɛrəʊmæɡnɪˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiferromagnetism_0.wav
olivares_0	olivares	ˌəʊlɪvɑːreɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/olivares_0.wav
good-tempered_0	good-tempered	gʊdˌtɛmpərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/good-tempered_0.wav
creepy_0	creepy	kriːpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/creepy_0.wav
somali_1	somali	səʊmɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/somali_1.wav
peccancy_0	peccancy	pɛkənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peccancy_0.wav
persistence_0	persistence	pəʳsɪstəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/persistence_0.wav
sapphira_0	sapphira	sæfaɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sapphira_0.wav
bulk_1	bulk	bʌlk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulk_1.wav
cincinnatus_0	cincinnatus	ˌsɪnsɪnɑːtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cincinnatus_0.wav
palatial_1	palatial	pəleɪʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palatial_1.wav
generalize_0	generalize	dʒenrəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/generalize_0.wav
wreckful_0	wreckful	rɛkfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wreckful_0.wav
lipchitz_0	lipchitz	lɪpʃɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lipchitz_0.wav
biparous_0	biparous	bɪpərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biparous_0.wav
assentation_0	assentation	ˌæsɛnteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assentation_0.wav
skep_0	skep	skɛp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skep_0.wav
suggestive_0	suggestive	sədʒestɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suggestive_0.wav
preponderate_1	preponderate	prɪpɒndəˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preponderate_1.wav
rockfish_0	rockfish	rɒkˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rockfish_0.wav
fervid_0	fervid	fɜrvɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fervid_0.wav
absorption_1	absorption	əbzɔːʳpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/absorption_1.wav
harlan_0	harlan	hɑrlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harlan_0.wav
prevention_1	prevention	prɪvɛnʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prevention_1.wav
cuspidation_0	cuspidation	ˌkʌspɪdeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuspidation_0.wav
papaya_1	papaya	pəpaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/papaya_1.wav
jiggered_0	jiggered	dʒɪɡəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jiggered_0.wav
watersport_0	watersport	wotərˌspɔrt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/watersport_0.wav
inlier_0	inlier	ɪnˌlaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inlier_0.wav
schemer_0	schemer	skiːməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schemer_0.wav
gamp_0	gamp	ɡæmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamp_0.wav
niobite_0	niobite	naɪəˌbaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/niobite_0.wav
iulus_0	iulus	aɪjuːləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/iu/iulus_0.wav
semantic_1	semantic	sɪmæntɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semantic_1.wav
acclivity_0	acclivity	əklɪvɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acclivity_0.wav
iseikonia_0	iseikonia	ˌaɪsɪkəʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/iseikonia_0.wav
bezonian_0	bezonian	bɪzəʊnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bezonian_0.wav
achromatic_0	achromatic	ˌækrəmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/achromatic_0.wav
lent_0	lent	lent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lent_0.wav
apod_0	apod	æpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apod_0.wav
queenstown_0	queenstown	kwiːnzˌtaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/queenstown_0.wav
devolve_1	devolve	dɪvɒlv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devolve_1.wav
homo_0	homo	həʊməʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homo_0.wav
dude_0	dude	djuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dude_0.wav
upswept_0	upswept	ˌʌpswɛpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upswept_0.wav
smear_0	smear	smɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smear_0.wav
upstage_0	upstage	ʌpsteɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upstage_0.wav
hutcheson_0	hutcheson	hʌtʃɪsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hutcheson_0.wav
aubergine_0	aubergine	oʊbəʳʒiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/aubergine_0.wav
suggestible_0	suggestible	sədʒestəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suggestible_0.wav
beechmast_0	beechmast	biːtʃmɑːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beechmast_0.wav
admiralty_0	admiralty	ædmərəlti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/admiralty_0.wav
urundi_0	urundi	ʊrʊndɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/urundi_0.wav
archimage_0	archimage	ɑːkɪˌmeɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archimage_0.wav
zirconium_0	zirconium	zɜːkəʊnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zi/zirconium_0.wav
station-to-station_0	station-to-station	steɪʃəntəsteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/station-to-station_0.wav
pyrophobia_0	pyrophobia	ˌpaɪrəʊfəʊbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyrophobia_0.wav
chronometry_0	chronometry	krənɒmɪtrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chronometry_0.wav
mote_1	mote	məʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mote_1.wav
barrens_0	barrens	bærənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barrens_0.wav
jumble_0	jumble	dʒʌmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jumble_0.wav
troffer_0	troffer	trɒfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troffer_0.wav
twilight_0	twilight	twaɪlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twilight_0.wav
scapolite_0	scapolite	skæpəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scapolite_0.wav
courtesy_0	courtesy	kɜːʳtɪsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/courtesy_0.wav
stead_1	stead	sted	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stead_1.wav
subvene_0	subvene	səbviːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subvene_0.wav
deplorable_0	deplorable	dɪplɔːrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deplorable_0.wav
consumable_0	consumable	kənsjuːməbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consumable_0.wav
contend_1	contend	kəntend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contend_1.wav
conservatorium_0	conservatorium	kənˌsɜːvətɔːrɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conservatorium_0.wav
arkose_0	arkose	ɑːkəʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arkose_0.wav
grudge_0	grudge	grʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grudge_0.wav
expound_0	expound	ɪkspaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expound_0.wav
tripoli_0	tripoli	trɪpəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tripoli_0.wav
payable_0	payable	peɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/payable_0.wav
snips_0	snips	snɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snips_0.wav
scruff_0	scruff	skrʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scruff_0.wav
vespine_0	vespine	vɛspaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vespine_0.wav
betweenbrain_0	betweenbrain	bɪtwiːnˌbreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/betweenbrain_0.wav
catania_0	catania	kataːnja	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catania_0.wav
churchyard_0	churchyard	tʃɜːʳtʃjɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/churchyard_0.wav
petaliferous_0	petaliferous	ˌpɛtəlɪfərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petaliferous_0.wav
horsemanship_0	horsemanship	hɔːʳsmənʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horsemanship_0.wav
apiary_0	apiary	eɪpɪərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apiary_0.wav
rotaplane_0	rotaplane	rəʊtəˌpleɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rotaplane_0.wav
rudderless_0	rudderless	rʌdəʳləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rudderless_0.wav
vulvitis_0	vulvitis	vʌlvaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulvitis_0.wav
curzon_0	curzon	kɜːzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curzon_0.wav
juiced_0	juiced	dʒust	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/juiced_0.wav
ampere-turn_0	ampere-turn	æmpɪrˌtɜrn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ampere-turn_0.wav
snuffy_0	snuffy	snʌfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snuffy_0.wav
palatinate_0	palatinate	pəlætɪnɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palatinate_0.wav
railcar_0	railcar	reɪlˌkɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/railcar_0.wav
cévennes_0	cévennes	sevɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cé/cévennes_0.wav
mundane_1	mundane	mʌndeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mundane_1.wav
fishes_0	fishes	fɪʃɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fishes_0.wav
burnley_0	burnley	bɜːnlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burnley_0.wav
bose_0	bose	bəʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bose_0.wav
heuristic_0	heuristic	hjʊərɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heuristic_0.wav
preeminently_0	preeminently	priɛmɪnəntli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preeminently_0.wav
yes_0	yes	jes	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yes_0.wav
salween_0	salween	sælwiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salween_0.wav
sedge_1	sedge	sedʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sedge_1.wav
script_1	script	skrɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/script_1.wav
graymail_0	graymail	ɡreɪˌmeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graymail_0.wav
lethargy_0	lethargy	leθəʳdʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lethargy_0.wav
suppress_1	suppress	səpres	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppress_1.wav
trinitrocresol_0	trinitrocresol	traɪˌnaɪtrəʊkriːsɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trinitrocresol_0.wav
jubilee_0	jubilee	dʒuːbɪliː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jubilee_0.wav
fergana_0	fergana	fəɡɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fergana_0.wav
alexander_0	alexander	ˌælɪɡzɑːndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alexander_0.wav
apis_0	apis	ɑːpɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apis_0.wav
theriac_0	theriac	θɪərɪæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theriac_0.wav
scammer_0	scammer	skæmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scammer_0.wav
flintoff_0	flintoff	flɪntɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flintoff_0.wav
maulers_0	maulers	mɔːləz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maulers_0.wav
young_0	young	jʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/young_0.wav
hydrolytic_0	hydrolytic	ˌhaɪdrəlɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrolytic_0.wav
downcourt_0	downcourt	daʊnˌkɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downcourt_0.wav
iraq_0	iraq	ɪrɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/iraq_0.wav
wrecker_0	wrecker	rekəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrecker_0.wav
plovdiv_0	plovdiv	plɔvdif	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plovdiv_0.wav
freeze_1	freeze	friːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freeze_1.wav
yiddisher_0	yiddisher	jɪdɪʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yi/yiddisher_0.wav
incontinent_0	incontinent	ɪnkɒntɪnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incontinent_0.wav
powder_0	powder	paʊdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/powder_0.wav
home_1	home	hoʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/home_1.wav
mutable_0	mutable	mjuːtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mutable_0.wav
casern_0	casern	kəzɜːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/casern_0.wav
hop_0	hop	hɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hop_0.wav
abbreviation_1	abbreviation	əbriːvieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abbreviation_1.wav
wauk_0	wauk	wɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wauk_0.wav
forehock_0	forehock	fɔːˌhɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forehock_0.wav
phobic_0	phobic	foʊbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phobic_0.wav
telangiectasis_0	telangiectasis	tɪˌlændʒɪɛktəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telangiectasis_0.wav
price_0	price	praɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/price_0.wav
hemodynamics_0	hemodynamics	ˌhimoʊdaɪnæmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemodynamics_0.wav
complexity_1	complexity	kəmpleksɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complexity_1.wav
americana_1	americana	əmerɪkɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/americana_1.wav
presto_0	presto	prɛstəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presto_0.wav
cheery_0	cheery	tʃɪəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheery_0.wav
incurious_0	incurious	ɪnkjʊərɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incurious_0.wav
close_0	close	kloʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/close_0.wav
polysulphide_0	polysulphide	ˌpɒlɪsʌlfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polysulphide_0.wav
nonaggression_0	nonaggression	nɒnəgrɛʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonaggression_0.wav
dumas_0	dumas	dymɑ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dumas_0.wav
bookish_0	bookish	bʊkɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bookish_0.wav
mutare_0	mutare	muːtɑːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mutare_0.wav
collapsible_1	collapsible	kəlæpsɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collapsible_1.wav
earthlight_0	earthlight	ɜːθˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/earthlight_0.wav
scholarship_0	scholarship	skɒləʳʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scholarship_0.wav
streetcar_0	streetcar	striːtkɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/streetcar_0.wav
wirra_0	wirra	wɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wirra_0.wav
tricarboxylic_0	tricarboxylic	traɪˌkɑrbɑksɪlɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tricarboxylic_0.wav
middlebrow_0	middlebrow	mɪdəlbraʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/middlebrow_0.wav
goods_1	goods	gʊdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goods_1.wav
undreamed_0	undreamed	ʌndriːmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undreamed_0.wav
iscariot_0	iscariot	ɪskærɪət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/iscariot_0.wav
mabel_0	mabel	meɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mabel_0.wav
incross_0	incross	ɪnkrɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incross_0.wav
forsworn_0	forsworn	fɔːswɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forsworn_0.wav
confluent_0	confluent	kɒnflʊənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confluent_0.wav
methoxychlor_0	methoxychlor	məθɒksɪˌklɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/methoxychlor_0.wav
beccafico_0	beccafico	ˌbɛkəfiːkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beccafico_0.wav
canuck_0	canuck	kənʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canuck_0.wav
surrey_0	surrey	sʌrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surrey_0.wav
coo_0	coo	kuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coo_0.wav
monostome_0	monostome	mɒnəˌstəʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monostome_0.wav
tapsalteerie_0	tapsalteerie	tæpsəltiːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tapsalteerie_0.wav
sneck_0	sneck	snɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/sneck_0.wav
rhineland-palatinate_0	rhineland-palatinate	raɪnˌlənd pəlætənˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhineland-palatinate_0.wav
y_0	y	waɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/y/y_0.wav
nonprescription_0	nonprescription	nɒnprɪskrɪpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonprescription_0.wav
sithee_0	sithee	sɪðɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sithee_0.wav
nonzero_0	nonzero	ˌnɒnzɪərəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonzero_0.wav
trass_0	trass	træs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trass_0.wav
xuan-tong_0	xuan-tong	ʃwɑːntʊŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xu/xuan-tong_0.wav
conglomerate_0	conglomerate	kənglɒmərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conglomerate_0.wav
tester_0	tester	testəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tester_0.wav
koromiko_0	koromiko	kɒrɒmiːkɒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/koromiko_0.wav
exogamy_0	exogamy	ɛksɒɡəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exogamy_0.wav
slip_1	slip	slɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slip_1.wav
hops_0	hops	hɒps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hops_0.wav
magnesium_1	magnesium	mægniːziəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnesium_1.wav
pornographic_0	pornographic	pɔːʳnəgræfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pornographic_0.wav
bangalore_0	bangalore	ˌbæŋɡəlɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bangalore_0.wav
xyst_0	xyst	zɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xy/xyst_0.wav
columnist_0	columnist	kɒləmɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/columnist_0.wav
eland_0	eland	iːlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/eland_0.wav
award-winning_0	award-winning	əwɔːdˌwɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aw/award-winning_0.wav
catabolize_0	catabolize	kətæbəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catabolize_0.wav
socialism_0	socialism	soʊʃəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/socialism_0.wav
merely_0	merely	mɪəʳli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/merely_0.wav
coexistence_0	coexistence	koʊɪgzɪstəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coexistence_0.wav
seymour_0	seymour	siːmɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seymour_0.wav
earbash_0	earbash	ɪəˌbæʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/earbash_0.wav
libidinize_0	libidinize	lɪbɪdənˌaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/libidinize_0.wav
kohoutek_0	kohoutek	kəhuːtɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kohoutek_0.wav
kandinsky_0	kandinsky	kandinskij	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kandinsky_0.wav
hobson_0	hobson	hɑbsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hobson_0.wav
reform_1	reform	rɪfɔːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reform_1.wav
tetrafluoroethene_0	tetrafluoroethene	tɛtrəˌflʊərəʊɛθiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tetrafluoroethene_0.wav
conveyancing_0	conveyancing	kənveɪənsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conveyancing_0.wav
fussed_1	fussed	fʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fussed_1.wav
whip_1	whip	hwɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whip_1.wav
omnivore_0	omnivore	ɒmnɪˌvɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/om/omnivore_0.wav
ailurophobia_0	ailurophobia	aɪˌlʊərəfəʊbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/ailurophobia_0.wav
dioptrics_0	dioptrics	daɪɒptrɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dioptrics_0.wav
jipijapa_0	jipijapa	ˌhiːpiːhɑːpɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jipijapa_0.wav
stark_0	stark	stɑːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stark_0.wav
epilate_0	epilate	ɛpɪˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epilate_0.wav
blower_0	blower	bloʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blower_0.wav
unfix_0	unfix	ʌnfɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfix_0.wav
backlist_0	backlist	bækˌlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backlist_0.wav
sacramentary_0	sacramentary	ˌsækrəmɛntərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sacramentary_0.wav
floozy_0	floozy	fluːzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/floozy_0.wav
four-flusher_0	four-flusher	fɔːˌflʌʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/four-flusher_0.wav
rosinweed_0	rosinweed	rɒzɪnˌwiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rosinweed_0.wav
nomination_0	nomination	nɒmɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nomination_0.wav
willemstad_0	willemstad	wɪləmstɑt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willemstad_0.wav
roman_0	roman	roʊmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roman_0.wav
infinitum_0	infinitum	ɪnfɪnaɪtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infinitum_0.wav
scrooch_0	scrooch	skruːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrooch_0.wav
cholecystography_0	cholecystography	ˌkɒlɪsɪstɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cholecystography_0.wav
quoll_0	quoll	kwɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quoll_0.wav
onbeat_0	onbeat	ɒnˌbiːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/onbeat_0.wav
tudor_0	tudor	tjuːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tudor_0.wav
ketol_0	ketol	kiːtɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/ketol_0.wav
realtor_0	realtor	riːəltɔːr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/realtor_0.wav
clearway_0	clearway	klɪəˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clearway_0.wav
cantillation_0	cantillation	ˌkæntɪleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cantillation_0.wav
valency_0	valency	veɪlənsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valency_0.wav
valentine_0	valentine	væləntaɪnz deɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valentine_0.wav
blockboard_0	blockboard	blɒkˌbɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blockboard_0.wav
poriferous_0	poriferous	pɔːrɪfərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poriferous_0.wav
dowland_0	dowland	daʊlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dowland_0.wav
fruiterer_0	fruiterer	fruːtərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fruiterer_0.wav
anemochore_0	anemochore	əniːməʊˌkɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anemochore_0.wav
conductive_1	conductive	kəndʌktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conductive_1.wav
affectation_0	affectation	æfekteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affectation_0.wav
readout_0	readout	riːdaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/readout_0.wav
coy_1	coy	kɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coy_1.wav
prey_0	prey	preɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prey_0.wav
shred_0	shred	ʃred	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shred_0.wav
mercat_0	mercat	mɛrkət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mercat_0.wav
lunisolar_0	lunisolar	ˌluːnɪsəʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lunisolar_0.wav
copter_0	copter	kɒptəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/copter_0.wav
perimysium_0	perimysium	ˌpɛrɪmɪzɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perimysium_0.wav
upmost_0	upmost	ʌpˌməʊst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upmost_0.wav
damnably_0	damnably	dæmnəblɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/damnably_0.wav
supercritical_0	supercritical	ˌsuːpəkrɪtɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/supercritical_0.wav
tubenose_0	tubenose	tjuːbˌnəʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubenose_0.wav
visitor_0	visitor	vɪzɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/visitor_0.wav
bong_0	bong	bɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bong_0.wav
labium_0	labium	leɪbɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/labium_0.wav
kingfish_0	kingfish	kɪŋˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kingfish_0.wav
ligule_0	ligule	lɪɡjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/ligule_0.wav
minestrone_0	minestrone	mɪnɪstroʊni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minestrone_0.wav
chickenpox_0	chickenpox	tʃɪkɪnpɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chickenpox_0.wav
hydathode_0	hydathode	haɪdəˌθəʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydathode_0.wav
listen_0	listen	lɪsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/listen_0.wav
samisen_0	samisen	sæmɪˌsɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/samisen_0.wav
indignant_0	indignant	ɪndɪgnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indignant_0.wav
narial_0	narial	nɛərɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/narial_0.wav
khayyám_0	khayyám	kaɪɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kh/khayyám_0.wav
showbread_0	showbread	ʃəʊˌbrɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/showbread_0.wav
flawed_1	flawed	flɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flawed_1.wav
scantling_0	scantling	skæntlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scantling_0.wav
timberwork_0	timberwork	tɪmbəˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timberwork_0.wav
undrinkable_0	undrinkable	ʌndrɪŋkəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undrinkable_0.wav
dampener_0	dampener	dæmpnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dampener_0.wav
unoriginal_0	unoriginal	ˌʌnərɪdʒɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unoriginal_0.wav
wrong-foot_0	wrong-foot	rɔŋˌfʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrong-foot_0.wav
determination_1	determination	dɪtɜːʳmɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/determination_1.wav
glaring_0	glaring	gleərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glaring_0.wav
thing_0	thing	θɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thing_0.wav
enphytotic_0	enphytotic	ˌɛnfaɪtɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enphytotic_0.wav
ascidium_0	ascidium	əsɪdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ascidium_0.wav
banteng_0	banteng	bænˌtɛŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/banteng_0.wav
optoacoustic_0	optoacoustic	ˌɒptəʊəkuːstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/optoacoustic_0.wav
approachable_0	approachable	əproʊtʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approachable_0.wav
citrus_0	citrus	sɪtrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/citrus_0.wav
tiffin_0	tiffin	tɪfɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiffin_0.wav
inhere_0	inhere	ɪnhɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inhere_0.wav
accoutre_0	accoutre	əkuːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accoutre_0.wav
pram_1	pram	præm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pram_1.wav
dedicatory_0	dedicatory	dɛdɪkəˌtɔri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dedicatory_0.wav
bacterin_0	bacterin	bæktərɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bacterin_0.wav
follow-on_0	follow-on	fɑloʊˌɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/follow-on_0.wav
ionizer_0	ionizer	aɪənaɪzəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/ionizer_0.wav
hinterland_0	hinterland	hɪntəʳlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hinterland_0.wav
bulletproof_0	bulletproof	bʊlɪtpruf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulletproof_0.wav
maggie_0	maggie	mæɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maggie_0.wav
oxidation-reduction_0	oxidation-reduction	ˌɑksədeɪʃənridʌkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxidation-reduction_0.wav
liquidate_0	liquidate	lɪkwɪdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liquidate_0.wav
illusive_0	illusive	ɪlusɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illusive_0.wav
self-definition_0	self-definition	sɛlfˌdɛfənɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-definition_0.wav
show_0	show	ʃoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/show_0.wav
cry_0	cry	kraɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cry_0.wav
grommet_0	grommet	ɡrɒmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grommet_0.wav
knack_1	knack	næk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knack_1.wav
wycliffe_0	wycliffe	wɪklɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wy/wycliffe_0.wav
dolente_0	dolente	dɒlɛntɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dolente_0.wav
gen._0	gen.	dʒɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gen._0.wav
nanodot_0	nanodot	nænəʊˌdɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nanodot_0.wav
goggles_0	goggles	ɡɒɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goggles_0.wav
calculous_0	calculous	kælkjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calculous_0.wav
edta_0	edta	ˌiˌdiˌtieɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/edta_0.wav
sematology_0	sematology	ˌsɛmətɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sematology_0.wav
rattoon_0	rattoon	rætuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rattoon_0.wav
industrywide_0	industrywide	ɪndəstrɪˌwaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/industrywide_0.wav
propylite_0	propylite	prɒpɪˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propylite_0.wav
hinau_0	hinau	hiːnəuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hinau_0.wav
freeload_0	freeload	friːˌləʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freeload_0.wav
tautomer_0	tautomer	tɔːtəmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tautomer_0.wav
medallist_0	medallist	medəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medallist_0.wav
embroil_0	embroil	ɪmbrɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embroil_0.wav
entoptic_0	entoptic	ɛntɒptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entoptic_0.wav
inalterable_0	inalterable	ɪnɔːltərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inalterable_0.wav
blitz_1	blitz	blɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blitz_1.wav
bicycle_0	bicycle	baɪsɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bicycle_0.wav
anencephalic_0	anencephalic	ˌænɛnsəfælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anencephalic_0.wav
nasturtium_0	nasturtium	næstɜːʳʃəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nasturtium_0.wav
botany_0	botany	bɒtəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/botany_0.wav
hotfoot_0	hotfoot	hɒtfʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hotfoot_0.wav
paedo_0	paedo	piːdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paedo_0.wav
mudskipper_0	mudskipper	mʌdˌskɪpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mudskipper_0.wav
gasser_0	gasser	ɡæsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gasser_0.wav
self-contradiction_0	self-contradiction	ˌsɛlfˌkɒntrədɪkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-contradiction_0.wav
husky_0	husky	hʌski	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/husky_0.wav
stinky_0	stinky	stɪŋki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stinky_0.wav
cavesson_0	cavesson	kævɪsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cavesson_0.wav
milkwort_0	milkwort	mɪlkˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/milkwort_0.wav
pork_1	pork	pɔːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pork_1.wav
swallow-tailed_0	swallow-tailed	swɑloʊteɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swallow-tailed_0.wav
nepalese_0	nepalese	ˌnɛpəliːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nepalese_0.wav
eardrops_0	eardrops	ɪəˌdrɒps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/eardrops_0.wav
centurial_0	centurial	sɛntjʊərɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centurial_0.wav
putamen_0	putamen	pjuːteɪmɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/putamen_0.wav
cowpat_0	cowpat	kaʊpæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cowpat_0.wav
indonesian_0	indonesian	ɪndəniːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indonesian_0.wav
parotid_0	parotid	pərɒtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parotid_0.wav
sobriety_1	sobriety	səbraɪɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sobriety_1.wav
electroencephalogram_0	electroencephalogram	ɪˌlɛktrəʊɛnsɛfələˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electroencephalogram_0.wav
linguist_0	linguist	lɪŋgwɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/linguist_0.wav
quadrivial_0	quadrivial	kwɒdrɪvɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quadrivial_0.wav
wraith_0	wraith	reɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wraith_0.wav
censor_0	censor	sensəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/censor_0.wav
malnourished_0	malnourished	mælnʌrɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malnourished_0.wav
apnoea_0	apnoea	æpnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apnoea_0.wav
nephrology_0	nephrology	nɪfrɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nephrology_0.wav
substandard_0	substandard	sʌbstændərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/substandard_0.wav
meltwater_0	meltwater	mɛltˌwɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meltwater_0.wav
medic_0	medic	medɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medic_0.wav
galla_0	galla	ɡælə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galla_0.wav
clwyd_0	clwyd	kluːɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clwyd_0.wav
idealism_0	idealism	aɪdiːəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idealism_0.wav
phyllotaxis_0	phyllotaxis	ˌfɪlətæksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phyllotaxis_0.wav
diatomaceous_0	diatomaceous	ˌdaɪətəmeɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diatomaceous_0.wav
syphon_0	syphon	saɪfən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syphon_0.wav
sachsen_0	sachsen	zaksən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sachsen_0.wav
tankini_0	tankini	ˌtæŋkiːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tankini_0.wav
andong_0	andong	ændʊŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/andong_0.wav
survive_1	survive	səʳvaɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/survive_1.wav
bhisho_0	bhisho	bɪʃəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bh/bhisho_0.wav
diddly-squat_0	diddly-squat	ˌdɪdlɪskwɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diddly-squat_0.wav
covet_0	covet	kʌvɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/covet_0.wav
tights_1	tights	taɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tights_1.wav
kleptocracy_0	kleptocracy	ˌklɛptɒkrəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kl/kleptocracy_0.wav
glitter_0	glitter	glɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glitter_0.wav
seelie_0	seelie	siːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seelie_0.wav
wales_0	wales	weɪlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wales_0.wav
transcript_0	transcript	trænskrɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transcript_0.wav
exec_0	exec	ɪgzek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exec_0.wav
codeine_0	codeine	koʊdiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/codeine_0.wav
beecham_0	beecham	biːtʃəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beecham_0.wav
sulphonmethane_0	sulphonmethane	ˌsʌlfɒnmiːθeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulphonmethane_0.wav
vice-chairman_0	vice-chairman	vaɪstʃɛrmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vice-chairman_0.wav
brooch_1	brooch	broʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brooch_1.wav
treatable_0	treatable	triːtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/treatable_0.wav
pend_0	pend	pɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pend_0.wav
klipspringer_0	klipspringer	klɪpˌsprɪŋə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kl/klipspringer_0.wav
relaxedly_0	relaxedly	rɪlæksɪdli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relaxedly_0.wav
cooncan_0	cooncan	kuːnˌkæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cooncan_0.wav
publicist_0	publicist	pʌblɪsɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/publicist_0.wav
portmanteau_1	portmanteau	pɔːtmæntəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/portmanteau_1.wav
appropriacy_0	appropriacy	əprəʊprɪəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appropriacy_0.wav
halloumi_0	halloumi	həluːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/halloumi_0.wav
scuncheon_0	scuncheon	skʌntʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scuncheon_0.wav
oyster_0	oyster	ɔɪstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oy/oyster_0.wav
convoke_1	convoke	kənvəʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/convoke_1.wav
isolationist_0	isolationist	ˌaɪsəleɪʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isolationist_0.wav
lipotropic_0	lipotropic	ˌlɪpəʊtrɒpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lipotropic_0.wav
antipathy_0	antipathy	æntɪpəθi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antipathy_0.wav
xerothermic_0	xerothermic	ˌzɪərəʊθɜːmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xe/xerothermic_0.wav
gudgeon_0	gudgeon	ɡʌdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gudgeon_0.wav
chukar_0	chukar	tʃʌkɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chukar_0.wav
slank_0	slank	slæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slank_0.wav
bellerophon_0	bellerophon	bəlɛrəˌfɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bellerophon_0.wav
kaffrarian_0	kaffrarian	kæfrɛərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kaffrarian_0.wav
cybercafé_0	cybercafé	saɪbəʳkæfeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cybercafé_0.wav
cathedra_0	cathedra	kəθiːdrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cathedra_0.wav
scurrility_0	scurrility	skərɪləti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scurrility_0.wav
bouillabaisse_0	bouillabaisse	buːjəbes	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bouillabaisse_0.wav
terrify_0	terrify	terɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terrify_0.wav
emboly_0	emboly	ɛmbəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emboly_0.wav
peripatus_0	peripatus	pərɪpətəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peripatus_0.wav
brummie_0	brummie	brʌmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brummie_0.wav
catcher_0	catcher	kætʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catcher_0.wav
johanna_0	johanna	dʒoʊhænə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/johanna_0.wav
imagism_0	imagism	ɪmɪˌdʒɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imagism_0.wav
wolverhampton_0	wolverhampton	ˌwʊlvəhæmptən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wolverhampton_0.wav
plumy_0	plumy	pluːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plumy_0.wav
prout_0	prout	praʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prout_0.wav
state-of-the-art_0	state-of-the-art	steɪtəvðɪˌɑːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/state-of-the-art_0.wav
gentianaceous_0	gentianaceous	ˌdʒɛnʃɪəneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gentianaceous_0.wav
styrofoam_0	styrofoam	staɪərəfoʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/styrofoam_0.wav
manatee_0	manatee	maŋəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manatee_0.wav
sublunary_0	sublunary	sʌbluːnərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sublunary_0.wav
off-air_0	off-air	ɒf ɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/off-air_0.wav
preliminaries_0	preliminaries	prɪlɪmɪnərɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preliminaries_0.wav
polycarpellary_0	polycarpellary	ˌpɒlɪkɑːpɛlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polycarpellary_0.wav
effervescent_0	effervescent	efəʳvesənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effervescent_0.wav
predestinate_0	predestinate	priːdɛstɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/predestinate_0.wav
kechua_0	kechua	kɛtʃwə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kechua_0.wav
pre-school_0	pre-school	priːskuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pre-school_0.wav
archaeopteryx_0	archaeopteryx	ˌɑːkɪɒptərɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archaeopteryx_0.wav
primely_0	primely	praɪmli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/primely_0.wav
hin_0	hin	hɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hin_0.wav
scabbardfish_0	scabbardfish	skæbərdˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scabbardfish_0.wav
nepenthe_0	nepenthe	nɪpɛnθɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nepenthe_0.wav
roar_0	roar	rɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roar_0.wav
maladminister_0	maladminister	ˌmælədmɪnɪstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maladminister_0.wav
drinking_0	drinking	drɪŋkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drinking_0.wav
radiological_0	radiological	reɪdiəlɒdʒɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radiological_0.wav
hokkaido_0	hokkaido	hɒkaɪdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hokkaido_0.wav
secluded_0	secluded	sɪkluːdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/secluded_0.wav
houseroom_0	houseroom	haʊsruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/houseroom_0.wav
ebony_0	ebony	ebəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eb/ebony_0.wav
almighty_0	almighty	ɔːlmaɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/almighty_0.wav
landlubber_0	landlubber	lændlʌbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/landlubber_0.wav
arse_1	arse	ɑːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arse_1.wav
racket_0	racket	rækɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/racket_0.wav
sloan_0	sloan	sləʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/sloan_0.wav
raupatu_0	raupatu	ˌraʊpɑːtuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/raupatu_0.wav
pipewort_0	pipewort	paɪpˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pipewort_0.wav
caroline_0	caroline	kærəˌlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caroline_0.wav
flybook_0	flybook	flaɪˌbʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flybook_0.wav
affricate_0	affricate	æfrɪkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affricate_0.wav
hand_2	hand	hændzˌbrɛdθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hand_2.wav
archibald_0	archibald	ɑrtʃəˌbɔld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archibald_0.wav
preglacial_0	preglacial	priːɡleɪsɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preglacial_0.wav
appropriate_0	appropriate	əproʊpriət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appropriate_0.wav
own_0	own	oʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ow/own_0.wav
wash-and-wear_0	wash-and-wear	wɔʃənwɛr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wash-and-wear_0.wav
snowbush_0	snowbush	snəʊˌbʊʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snowbush_0.wav
heartwood_0	heartwood	hɑːtˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heartwood_0.wav
properly_0	properly	prɒpəʳli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/properly_0.wav
marcionism_0	marcionism	mɑːʃəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marcionism_0.wav
psyche_0	psyche	saɪki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psyche_0.wav
defamation_0	defamation	defəmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/defamation_0.wav
anomalistic_0	anomalistic	əˌnɑməlɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anomalistic_0.wav
excretory_0	excretory	ɛkskrəˌtɔri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excretory_0.wav
flyweight_0	flyweight	flaɪweɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flyweight_0.wav
breastwork_0	breastwork	brɛstˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breastwork_0.wav
mousetail_0	mousetail	maʊsˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mousetail_0.wav
homeopathic_0	homeopathic	hoʊmioʊpæθɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homeopathic_0.wav
pander_0	pander	pændəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pander_0.wav
travis_0	travis	trævɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/travis_0.wav
elastane_0	elastane	ɪlæsteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elastane_0.wav
until_0	until	ʌntɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/until_0.wav
boresome_0	boresome	bɔːsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boresome_0.wav
polydipsia_0	polydipsia	ˌpɒlɪdɪpsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polydipsia_0.wav
swabber_0	swabber	swɒbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swabber_0.wav
shears_0	shears	ʃɪəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shears_0.wav
perfervid_0	perfervid	pɜːfɜːvɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perfervid_0.wav
solent_0	solent	səʊlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solent_0.wav
rumor_0	rumor	ruːmər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rumor_0.wav
grouse_1	grouse	graʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grouse_1.wav
palmaceous_0	palmaceous	pælmeɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmaceous_0.wav
bode_1	bode	boʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bode_1.wav
wollongong_0	wollongong	wʊləŋˌɡɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wollongong_0.wav
malacopterygian_0	malacopterygian	ˌmæləˌkɒptərɪdʒɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malacopterygian_0.wav
scriptorium_0	scriptorium	skrɪptɔːrɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scriptorium_0.wav
zydeco_0	zydeco	zaɪdəˌkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zy/zydeco_0.wav
jevons_0	jevons	dʒɛvənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jevons_0.wav
fold_0	fold	foʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fold_0.wav
diktat_0	diktat	dɪktæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diktat_0.wav
magnetron_0	magnetron	mæɡnɪˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnetron_0.wav
walkover_0	walkover	wɔːkoʊvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/walkover_0.wav
double-decker_0	double-decker	dʌbəlˌdɛkər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/double-decker_0.wav
handclap_0	handclap	hændklæp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handclap_0.wav
daphnis_0	daphnis	dæfnɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daphnis_0.wav
horned_1	horned	hɔːʳnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horned_1.wav
holp_0	holp	həʊlp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holp_0.wav
yupik_0	yupik	juːpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yupik_0.wav
eugenic_0	eugenic	judʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eugenic_0.wav
talkathon_0	talkathon	tɔːkəˌθɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/talkathon_0.wav
congou_0	congou	kɒŋɡuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/congou_0.wav
tolerant_0	tolerant	tɒlərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tolerant_0.wav
licentiate_0	licentiate	laɪsɛnʃɪɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/licentiate_0.wav
luderick_0	luderick	luːdərɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/luderick_0.wav
canst_1	canst	kænst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canst_1.wav
glutinous_0	glutinous	gluːtɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glutinous_0.wav
writer_0	writer	raɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/writer_0.wav
froth_0	froth	frɒθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/froth_0.wav
rodent_0	rodent	roʊdənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rodent_0.wav
oka_0	oka	əʊkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ok/oka_0.wav
babbitt_0	babbitt	bæbɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/babbitt_0.wav
promine_0	promine	prəʊmɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/promine_0.wav
magnetics_0	magnetics	mæɡnɛtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnetics_0.wav
discoid_0	discoid	dɪskɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discoid_0.wav
destabilize_0	destabilize	diːsteɪbəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/destabilize_0.wav
pacifism_0	pacifism	pæsɪfɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pacifism_0.wav
consistent_0	consistent	kənsɪstənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consistent_0.wav
cesser_0	cesser	sɛsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cesser_0.wav
annatto_0	annatto	ənætəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/annatto_0.wav
echolalia_0	echolalia	ˌɛkəʊleɪlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/echolalia_0.wav
cutch_0	cutch	kʌtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cutch_0.wav
nellie_0	nellie	nɛlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nellie_0.wav
deviation_0	deviation	diːvieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deviation_0.wav
palmation_0	palmation	pælmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmation_0.wav
aerated_0	aerated	ɛəreɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerated_0.wav
wizened_0	wizened	wɪzənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wizened_0.wav
bravissimo_0	bravissimo	brɑːvɪsɪˌməʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bravissimo_0.wav
gaping_0	gaping	ɡeɪpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaping_0.wav
surfeit_0	surfeit	sɜːʳfɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surfeit_0.wav
preapprove_0	preapprove	ˌpriːəpruːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preapprove_0.wav
tallyman_0	tallyman	tælɪmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tallyman_0.wav
red-blooded_0	red-blooded	rɛdblʌdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/red-blooded_0.wav
semirural_0	semirural	ˌsɛmɪrʊərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semirural_0.wav
unborn_0	unborn	ʌnbɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unborn_0.wav
pomp_0	pomp	pɒmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pomp_0.wav
boi_0	boi	bɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boi_0.wav
suitably_0	suitably	suːtəbli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suitably_0.wav
caducibranchiate_0	caducibranchiate	kəˌdjuːsɪbræŋkɪˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caducibranchiate_0.wav
pwa_0	pwa	pidʌbəlˌjueɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pw/pwa_0.wav
cooking_0	cooking	kʊkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cooking_0.wav
intemperate_1	intemperate	ɪntempərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intemperate_1.wav
stroma_0	stroma	strəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stroma_0.wav
peritoneum_0	peritoneum	ˌpɛrɪtəniːəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peritoneum_0.wav
recoil_1	recoil	rɪkɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recoil_1.wav
heptahedron_0	heptahedron	ˌhɛptəhiːdrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heptahedron_0.wav
superphysical_0	superphysical	ˌsuːpəfɪzɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superphysical_0.wav
fenestella_0	fenestella	ˌfɛnɪstɛlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fenestella_0.wav
deva_0	deva	deɪvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deva_0.wav
blighter_0	blighter	blaɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blighter_0.wav
marcel_0	marcel	mɑːsɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marcel_0.wav
moire_1	moire	mwɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moire_1.wav
boob_1	boob	buːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boob_1.wav
ocular_0	ocular	ɒkjələʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/ocular_0.wav
shift_0	shift	ʃɪft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shift_0.wav
jive_1	jive	dʒaɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jive_1.wav
tiring_0	tiring	taɪərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiring_0.wav
right-justify_0	right-justify	ˌraɪtdʒʌstɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/right-justify_0.wav
recreationist_0	recreationist	ˌrɛkrɪeɪʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recreationist_0.wav
ellington_0	ellington	ɛlɪŋtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/ellington_0.wav
lord_0	lord	lɔːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lord_0.wav
bight_0	bight	baɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bight_0.wav
levkosia_0	levkosia	lɛfkəʊsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/levkosia_0.wav
crystal_0	crystal	krɪstəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crystal_0.wav
lowbred_0	lowbred	loʊˌbrɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lowbred_0.wav
rectrix_0	rectrix	rɛktrɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rectrix_0.wav
stableboy_0	stableboy	steɪbəlˌbɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stableboy_0.wav
lash_0	lash	læʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lash_0.wav
hr_0	hr	eɪtʃ ɑːr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hr/hr_0.wav
picayune_0	picayune	ˌpɪkəjuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/picayune_0.wav
giftwrap_0	giftwrap	ɡɪftˌræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/giftwrap_0.wav
allometry_0	allometry	əlɒmɪtrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/allometry_0.wav
heartwarming_0	heartwarming	hɑrtwɔrmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heartwarming_0.wav
inconcinnity_0	inconcinnity	ˌɪnkənsɪnɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inconcinnity_0.wav
knarly_0	knarly	nɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knarly_0.wav
funnyman_0	funnyman	fʌnimæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/funnyman_0.wav
semicivilized_0	semicivilized	ˌsɛmɪsɪvɪˌlaɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semicivilized_0.wav
abundance_0	abundance	əbʌndəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abundance_0.wav
illume_0	illume	ɪluːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illume_0.wav
lukewarm_0	lukewarm	luːkwɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lukewarm_0.wav
burnaby_0	burnaby	bɜrnəbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burnaby_0.wav
purine_0	purine	pjʊəriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purine_0.wav
unsalable_0	unsalable	ʌnseɪləbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsalable_0.wav
elucidate_1	elucidate	ɪluːsɪdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elucidate_1.wav
guitarist_1	guitarist	gɪtɑːrɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guitarist_1.wav
mowing_0	mowing	məʊɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mowing_0.wav
hinder_0	hinder	hɪndəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hinder_0.wav
goddamn_0	goddamn	gɒdæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goddamn_0.wav
beanfeast_0	beanfeast	biːnfiːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beanfeast_0.wav
holohedral_0	holohedral	ˌhɒləhiːdrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holohedral_0.wav
force-out_0	force-out	fɔrsˌaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/force-out_0.wav
downside_0	downside	daʊnsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downside_0.wav
suburbanite_1	suburbanite	səbɜːbəˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suburbanite_1.wav
pertain_0	pertain	pəʳteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pertain_0.wav
pretax_0	pretax	pritæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pretax_0.wav
blepharitis_0	blepharitis	ˌblɛfəraɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blepharitis_0.wav
optical_0	optical	ɒptɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/optical_0.wav
isochroous_0	isochroous	aɪsɒkrəʊəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isochroous_0.wav
vest_1	vest	vest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vest_1.wav
scat_0	scat	skæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scat_0.wav
decidua_0	decidua	dɪsɪdjʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decidua_0.wav
anatomical_0	anatomical	ænətɒmɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anatomical_0.wav
minimize_0	minimize	mɪnɪmaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minimize_0.wav
needlecraft_0	needlecraft	niːdəlˌkrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/needlecraft_0.wav
defile_0	defile	dɪfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/defile_0.wav
gulp_0	gulp	gʌlp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gulp_0.wav
arrhythmia_0	arrhythmia	ərɪðmiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arrhythmia_0.wav
unwise_0	unwise	ʌnwaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unwise_0.wav
adaptation_0	adaptation	ædæpteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adaptation_0.wav
overstrung_0	overstrung	ˌəʊvəstrʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overstrung_0.wav
arf_0	arf	ɑːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arf_0.wav
perforate_0	perforate	pɜːʳfəreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perforate_0.wav
underestimate_0	underestimate	ʌndərestɪmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underestimate_0.wav
lipstick_0	lipstick	lɪpstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lipstick_0.wav
worst_0	worst	wɜːʳst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worst_0.wav
cable-laid_0	cable-laid	keɪbəlˌleɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cable-laid_0.wav
wolfish_0	wolfish	wʊlfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wolfish_0.wav
lyophilize_0	lyophilize	laɪɒfɪˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lyophilize_0.wav
furshlugginer_0	furshlugginer	ˌfɜːʃlʌɡɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furshlugginer_0.wav
fandom_0	fandom	fændəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fandom_0.wav
bare_0	bare	beəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bare_0.wav
dual-use_0	dual-use	duljus	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dual-use_0.wav
vocal_0	vocal	voʊkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vocal_0.wav
piss_0	piss	pɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piss_0.wav
rattly_0	rattly	rætlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rattly_0.wav
blewits_0	blewits	bluːɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blewits_0.wav
monrovia_0	monrovia	mɒnrəʊvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monrovia_0.wav
secco_0	secco	sɛkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/secco_0.wav
colossians_0	colossians	kəlɒʃənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colossians_0.wav
interpenetrate_0	interpenetrate	ˌɪntəpɛnɪˌtreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interpenetrate_0.wav
woffington_0	woffington	wɒfɪŋtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woffington_0.wav
codeclination_0	codeclination	ˌkəʊdɛklɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/codeclination_0.wav
wraac_0	wraac	ræk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wraac_0.wav
formative_0	formative	fɔːʳmətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/formative_0.wav
taipei_0	taipei	taɪpeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taipei_0.wav
signal_0	signal	sɪgnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/signal_0.wav
shedful_0	shedful	ʃɛdfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shedful_0.wav
reap_0	reap	riːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reap_0.wav
chauvinism_0	chauvinism	ʃoʊvɪnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chauvinism_0.wav
repay_0	repay	rɪpeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repay_0.wav
dislike_0	dislike	dɪslaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dislike_0.wav
decompensation_0	decompensation	diːˌkɒmpɛnseɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decompensation_0.wav
onside_0	onside	ɒnsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/onside_0.wav
hexachord_0	hexachord	hɛksəˌkɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hexachord_0.wav
boong_0	boong	buːŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boong_0.wav
rubaboo_0	rubaboo	rʌbəˌbuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rubaboo_0.wav
cubbyhole_0	cubbyhole	kʌbi hoʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cubbyhole_0.wav
ubiquity_0	ubiquity	juːbɪkwɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ub/ubiquity_0.wav
penance_0	penance	penəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penance_0.wav
postwoman_0	postwoman	pəʊstwʊmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/postwoman_0.wav
shopsoiled_0	shopsoiled	ʃɒpˌsɔɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shopsoiled_0.wav
cockshut_0	cockshut	kɒkˌʃʌt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cockshut_0.wav
send_50	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_50.wav
mastiff_0	mastiff	mæstɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mastiff_0.wav
bacchic_0	bacchic	bækɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bacchic_0.wav
unsporting_0	unsporting	ʌnspɔːʳtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsporting_0.wav
high-pitched_0	high-pitched	haɪpɪtʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/high-pitched_0.wav
spike_1	spike	spaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spike_1.wav
contagious_0	contagious	kənteɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contagious_0.wav
organogram_1	organogram	ɔːɡænəʊˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organogram_1.wav
infinitesimal_0	infinitesimal	ɪnfɪnɪtesɪməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infinitesimal_0.wav
sewn_0	sewn	soʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sewn_0.wav
razz_0	razz	ræz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/razz_0.wav
psa_0	psa	ˌpiˌɛseɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psa_0.wav
scythian_0	scythian	sɪðɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scythian_0.wav
determinant_1	determinant	dɪtɜːʳmɪnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/determinant_1.wav
lierne_0	lierne	lɪɜːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lierne_0.wav
cato_0	cato	keɪtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cato_0.wav
antonymous_0	antonymous	æntɑnəməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antonymous_0.wav
dissepiment_0	dissepiment	dɪsɛpɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissepiment_0.wav
biocatalyst_0	biocatalyst	ˌbaɪəʊkætəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biocatalyst_0.wav
keyed_0	keyed	kid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keyed_0.wav
transactinide_0	transactinide	ˌtrænsæktɪˌnaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transactinide_0.wav
waisted_0	waisted	weɪstɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waisted_0.wav
dub_1	dub	dʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dub_1.wav
opprobrious_0	opprobrious	əprəʊbrɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opprobrious_0.wav
plaintive_0	plaintive	pleɪntɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plaintive_0.wav
contortionist_0	contortionist	kəntɔːʳʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contortionist_0.wav
calmly_0	calmly	kɑːmli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calmly_0.wav
currish_0	currish	kɜːrɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/currish_0.wav
symphonic_0	symphonic	sɪmfɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/symphonic_0.wav
franseria_0	franseria	frænsɪərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/franseria_0.wav
chubb_0	chubb	tʃʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chubb_0.wav
dreamt_0	dreamt	dremt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dreamt_0.wav
escritoire_0	escritoire	ˌɛskrɪtwɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/escritoire_0.wav
metre_0	metre	miːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metre_0.wav
lucinda_0	lucinda	lusɪndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lucinda_0.wav
douce_0	douce	duːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/douce_0.wav
nanning_0	nanning	nænnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nanning_0.wav
trussing_0	trussing	trʌsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trussing_0.wav
landsknecht_0	landsknecht	læntskəˌnɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/landsknecht_0.wav
flood_1	flood	flʌd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flood_1.wav
diapositive_0	diapositive	ˌdaɪəpɒzɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diapositive_0.wav
decennary_0	decennary	disɛnəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decennary_0.wav
saiga_0	saiga	saɪɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saiga_0.wav
psych_1	psych	saɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psych_1.wav
cinch_0	cinch	sɪntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinch_0.wav
diaristic_0	diaristic	ˌdaɪərɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diaristic_0.wav
dystopia_1	dystopia	dɪstəʊpɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dy/dystopia_1.wav
heirloom_0	heirloom	eəʳluːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heirloom_0.wav
watch_1	watch	wɒtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/watch_1.wav
personable_0	personable	pɜːʳsənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/personable_0.wav
ungotten_0	ungotten	ʌnɡɒtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/ungotten_0.wav
dwelt_0	dwelt	dwelt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dw/dwelt_0.wav
nonrestrictive_0	nonrestrictive	ˌnɒnrɪstrɪktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonrestrictive_0.wav
leucite_0	leucite	luːsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leucite_0.wav
kiwiana_0	kiwiana	ˌkiːwɪɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kiwiana_0.wav
litre_0	litre	liːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/litre_0.wav
doe_1	doe	doʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doe_1.wav
confer_1	confer	kənfɜːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confer_1.wav
vermiform_0	vermiform	vɜːmɪˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vermiform_0.wav
harum-scarum_0	harum-scarum	hɛərəmskɛərəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harum-scarum_0.wav
pu_0	pu	piju	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pu_0.wav
fancied_0	fancied	fænsɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fancied_0.wav
confrontational_0	confrontational	kɒnfrʌnteɪʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confrontational_0.wav
darshan_0	darshan	dɑːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/darshan_0.wav
spaldeen_0	spaldeen	spɔːldiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spaldeen_0.wav
quadripole_0	quadripole	kwɒdrɪˌpəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quadripole_0.wav
spindly_0	spindly	spɪndli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spindly_0.wav
staminody_0	staminody	stæmɪˌnəʊdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/staminody_0.wav
horae_0	horae	hɔːriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horae_0.wav
long-running_0	long-running	ˌlɒŋrʌnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/long-running_0.wav
fatigue_0	fatigue	fətiːg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fatigue_0.wav
illusionism_0	illusionism	ɪluːʒəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illusionism_0.wav
rollout_0	rollout	roʊlˌaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rollout_0.wav
antitank_0	antitank	ˌæntɪtæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antitank_0.wav
surgery_0	surgery	sɜːʳdʒəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surgery_0.wav
lucretius_1	lucretius	luːkriːʃɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lucretius_1.wav
o_14	o	ɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/o/o_14.wav
unutterable_0	unutterable	ʌnʌtərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unutterable_0.wav
efface_1	efface	ɪfeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/efface_1.wav
mantel_0	mantel	mæntəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mantel_0.wav
cancroid_0	cancroid	kæŋkrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cancroid_0.wav
hypotonic_0	hypotonic	ˌhaɪpətɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypotonic_0.wav
oracy_0	oracy	ɔːrəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/oracy_0.wav
nanotechnology_0	nanotechnology	nænoʊteknɒlədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nanotechnology_0.wav
pledget_0	pledget	plɛdʒɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pledget_0.wav
preserve_0	preserve	prɪzɜːʳv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preserve_0.wav
inbeing_0	inbeing	ɪnˌbiːɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inbeing_0.wav
dislodge_1	dislodge	dɪslɒdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dislodge_1.wav
machan_0	machan	mətʃɑːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/machan_0.wav
emulsifier_0	emulsifier	ɪmʌlsɪfaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emulsifier_0.wav
loan_0	loan	loʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loan_0.wav
divisionism_0	divisionism	dɪvɪʒəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divisionism_0.wav
immaculate_1	immaculate	ɪmækjʊlət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immaculate_1.wav
perplex_0	perplex	pəʳpleks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perplex_0.wav
mollycoddle_0	mollycoddle	mɒlikɒdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mollycoddle_0.wav
hackwork_0	hackwork	hækˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hackwork_0.wav
comet_0	comet	kɒmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comet_0.wav
squeegee_0	squeegee	skwiːdʒiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squeegee_0.wav
quentin_0	quentin	kwɛntən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quentin_0.wav
borglum_0	borglum	bɔːɡləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/borglum_0.wav
initialize_0	initialize	ɪnɪʃəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/initialize_0.wav
fanfaronade_0	fanfaronade	ˌfænfərənɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fanfaronade_0.wav
hollywood_0	hollywood	hɒliwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hollywood_0.wav
hostelling_0	hostelling	hɒstəlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hostelling_0.wav
pigeon-livered_0	pigeon-livered	pɪdʒənˌlɪvərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pigeon-livered_0.wav
corrasion_0	corrasion	kəreɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corrasion_0.wav
vso_0	vso	viː es oʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vs/vso_0.wav
whee_0	whee	wiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whee_0.wav
collapsar_0	collapsar	kɒlæpsɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collapsar_0.wav
uricosuric_0	uricosuric	ˌjʊərɪkəʊsjʊərɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/uricosuric_0.wav
infest_0	infest	ɪnfest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infest_0.wav
macrotous_0	macrotous	məkrəʊtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macrotous_0.wav
persnickety_1	persnickety	pəʳsnɪkɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/persnickety_1.wav
drumroll_0	drumroll	drʌmˌrəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drumroll_0.wav
goodie_0	goodie	gʊdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goodie_0.wav
eleazar_0	eleazar	ˌɛlieɪzər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/eleazar_0.wav
justify_0	justify	dʒʌstɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/justify_0.wav
tattie_0	tattie	tætɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tattie_0.wav
cosmoline_0	cosmoline	kɒzməlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cosmoline_0.wav
managing_0	managing	mænɪdʒɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/managing_0.wav
brisling_0	brisling	brɪslɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brisling_0.wav
anhinga_0	anhinga	ænhɪŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anhinga_0.wav
hagbut_0	hagbut	hæɡbʌt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hagbut_0.wav
procne_0	procne	prɒknɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/procne_0.wav
entrap_1	entrap	ɪntræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entrap_1.wav
cochlea_0	cochlea	kɒkliə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cochlea_0.wav
carnotite_0	carnotite	kɑːnəˌtaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carnotite_0.wav
inearth_0	inearth	ɪnɜːθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inearth_0.wav
directrice_0	directrice	dɪrɛktriːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/directrice_0.wav
stifling_0	stifling	staɪfəlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stifling_0.wav
algin_0	algin	ældʒɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/algin_0.wav
croak_0	croak	kroʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croak_0.wav
shipwrecked_0	shipwrecked	ʃɪprɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shipwrecked_0.wav
yazoo_0	yazoo	jæzu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yazoo_0.wav
junagadh_0	junagadh	ˌdʒuːnəɡæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/junagadh_0.wav
oceanarium_0	oceanarium	ˌəʊʃənɛərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/oceanarium_0.wav
lactobacillus_0	lactobacillus	ˌlæktəʊbəsɪləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lactobacillus_0.wav
colours_0	colours	kʌləz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colours_0.wav
schlockmeister_0	schlockmeister	ʃlɑkmaɪstər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schlockmeister_0.wav
wreckfish_0	wreckfish	rɛkˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wreckfish_0.wav
clamorous_0	clamorous	klæmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clamorous_0.wav
germ_1	germ	dʒɜːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/germ_1.wav
isocline_0	isocline	aɪsəʊˌklaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isocline_0.wav
rinkhals_0	rinkhals	rɪŋkˌhals	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rinkhals_0.wav
puparium_0	puparium	pjuːpɛərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/puparium_0.wav
ethicist_0	ethicist	ɛθəsɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethicist_0.wav
swoosh_0	swoosh	swʊʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swoosh_0.wav
divorcement_0	divorcement	dɪvɔːsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divorcement_0.wav
snow_0	snow	snoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snow_0.wav
girolle_0	girolle	ʒiːrɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/girolle_0.wav
contemplative_1	contemplative	kəntemplətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contemplative_1.wav
planet_0	planet	plænɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/planet_0.wav
centrality_0	centrality	sɛntrælɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centrality_0.wav
artal_0	artal	ɑːtɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/artal_0.wav
send_34	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_34.wav
damnify_0	damnify	dæmnɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/damnify_0.wav
ontario_0	ontario	ɒntɛərɪəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/ontario_0.wav
gnosticize_0	gnosticize	nɒstɪˌsaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gn/gnosticize_0.wav
self-renunciation_0	self-renunciation	sɛlfrɪˌnʌnsieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-renunciation_0.wav
southwark_0	southwark	sʌðək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/southwark_0.wav
skinflint_0	skinflint	skɪnflɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skinflint_0.wav
palmyra_0	palmyra	pælmaɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmyra_0.wav
aluminothermy_0	aluminothermy	əluːmɪnəʊˌθɜːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aluminothermy_0.wav
rameau_0	rameau	ramo	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rameau_0.wav
rinforzando_0	rinforzando	ˌriːnfɔːtsændəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rinforzando_0.wav
smatter_0	smatter	smætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smatter_0.wav
paella_1	paella	paɪelə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paella_1.wav
sane_1	sane	seɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sane_1.wav
inequity_0	inequity	ɪnekwɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inequity_0.wav
christian_0	christian	krɪstʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/christian_0.wav
chaebol_0	chaebol	tʃeɪbɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chaebol_0.wav
honeyed_0	honeyed	hʌnid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/honeyed_0.wav
fico_0	fico	fiːkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fico_0.wav
eterne_0	eterne	ɪtɜːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/eterne_0.wav
suspension_1	suspension	səspenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suspension_1.wav
singledom_0	singledom	sɪŋɡəldəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/singledom_0.wav
fitter_0	fitter	fɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fitter_0.wav
ostler_0	ostler	ɒslə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ostler_0.wav
proposition_0	proposition	prɒpəzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proposition_0.wav
aetolia_0	aetolia	iːtəʊlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aetolia_0.wav
propagable_0	propagable	prɒpəɡəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propagable_0.wav
yanan_0	yanan	jænæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yanan_0.wav
breathtaking_0	breathtaking	breθteɪkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breathtaking_0.wav
nibelung_0	nibelung	niːbəˌlʊŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nibelung_0.wav
mammary_0	mammary	mæməri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mammary_0.wav
crinite_0	crinite	kraɪnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crinite_0.wav
chest_0	chest	tʃest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chest_0.wav
brasier_0	brasier	breɪzɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brasier_0.wav
dirt-poor_0	dirt-poor	dɜrtpʊr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dirt-poor_0.wav
await_1	await	əweɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aw/await_1.wav
boardroom_0	boardroom	bɔːʳdruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boardroom_0.wav
vavasor_0	vavasor	vævəˌsɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vavasor_0.wav
drops_0	drops	drɒps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drops_0.wav
diazepam_0	diazepam	daɪæzəˌpæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diazepam_0.wav
looker-on_0	looker-on	lʊkərˌɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/looker-on_0.wav
livingston_0	livingston	lɪvɪŋstən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livingston_0.wav
ailment_0	ailment	eɪlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/ailment_0.wav
miscanthus_0	miscanthus	mɪskænθəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miscanthus_0.wav
baldhead_0	baldhead	bɔːldˌhɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baldhead_0.wav
autocue_0	autocue	ɔːtoʊkjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autocue_0.wav
spod_0	spod	spɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spod_0.wav
semantic_0	semantic	sɪmæntɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semantic_0.wav
kaylied_0	kaylied	keɪliːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kaylied_0.wav
greatcoat_0	greatcoat	greɪtkoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greatcoat_0.wav
substantialize_0	substantialize	səbstænʃəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/substantialize_0.wav
livedo_0	livedo	lɪviːdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livedo_0.wav
dawson_0	dawson	dɔːsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dawson_0.wav
blotch_1	blotch	blɒtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blotch_1.wav
government_0	government	gʌvəʳnmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/government_0.wav
midland_0	midland	mɪdlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midland_0.wav
observer_1	observer	əbzɜːʳvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/observer_1.wav
counter-reformation_0	counter-reformation	ˌkaʊntəˌrɛfəmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counter-reformation_0.wav
wu_0	wu	wuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wu/wu_0.wav
trustee_0	trustee	trʌstiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trustee_0.wav
usa_0	usa	juː es eɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/us/usa_0.wav
interchangeable_0	interchangeable	ɪntəʳtʃeɪndʒəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interchangeable_0.wav
ailey_0	ailey	eɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/ailey_0.wav
remotely_0	remotely	rɪmoʊtli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remotely_0.wav
conchoid_0	conchoid	kɒŋkɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conchoid_0.wav
maidenhood_0	maidenhood	meɪdənˌhʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maidenhood_0.wav
filibuster_0	filibuster	fɪlɪbʌstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/filibuster_0.wav
gnosis_0	gnosis	nəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gn/gnosis_0.wav
foundations_0	foundations	faʊndeɪʃənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foundations_0.wav
sophocles_0	sophocles	sɒfəˌkliːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sophocles_0.wav
abutter_0	abutter	əbʌtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abutter_0.wav
colourful_0	colourful	kʌləʳfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colourful_0.wav
well-chosen_0	well-chosen	wɛltʃoʊzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-chosen_0.wav
sienkiewicz_0	sienkiewicz	ʃɛnkjɛvitʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sienkiewicz_0.wav
roux_1	roux	ruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roux_1.wav
brachyodont_0	brachyodont	brækɪəˌdɒnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brachyodont_0.wav
carrageenan_0	carrageenan	ˌkærəɡiːnən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carrageenan_0.wav
theonomy_0	theonomy	θɪɒnəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theonomy_0.wav
sibyl_0	sibyl	sɪbɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sibyl_0.wav
exalt_0	exalt	ɪgzɔːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exalt_0.wav
auburn_0	auburn	ɔːbəʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auburn_0.wav
pylorectomy_0	pylorectomy	ˌpaɪlɔːrɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pylorectomy_0.wav
oligomerous_0	oligomerous	ˌɒlɪɡɒmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/oligomerous_0.wav
pipa_0	pipa	piːpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pipa_0.wav
outsell_0	outsell	aʊtsel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outsell_0.wav
embrangle_0	embrangle	ɪmbræŋɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embrangle_0.wav
saarinen_0	saarinen	sɑːrɪnən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saarinen_0.wav
shewbread_0	shewbread	ʃəʊˌbrɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shewbread_0.wav
sealer_0	sealer	siːləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sealer_0.wav
magnetar_0	magnetar	mæɡnɪtɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnetar_0.wav
broach_0	broach	broʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broach_0.wav
sumptuous_0	sumptuous	sʌmptʃuəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sumptuous_0.wav
sandhi_0	sandhi	sændɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sandhi_0.wav
brickle_0	brickle	brɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brickle_0.wav
baitfish_0	baitfish	beɪtˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baitfish_0.wav
haver_0	haver	heɪvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haver_0.wav
misguided_0	misguided	mɪsgaɪdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misguided_0.wav
hirsutism_0	hirsutism	hɜːsjuːˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hirsutism_0.wav
proprietor_1	proprietor	prəpraɪətəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proprietor_1.wav
aperitif_1	aperitif	æperɪtiːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/aperitif_1.wav
cuppa_0	cuppa	kʌpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuppa_0.wav
papery_0	papery	peɪpəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/papery_0.wav
prizefight_0	prizefight	praɪzfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prizefight_0.wav
expectorant_1	expectorant	ɪkspektərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expectorant_1.wav
revolt_1	revolt	rɪvoʊlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/revolt_1.wav
caprifig_0	caprifig	kæprɪˌfɪɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caprifig_0.wav
natron_0	natron	neɪtrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/natron_0.wav
pignolia_0	pignolia	piːnəʊlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pignolia_0.wav
synoptic_0	synoptic	sɪnɒptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synoptic_0.wav
cain_1	cain	keɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cain_1.wav
suriname_0	suriname	ˌsʊərɪnæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suriname_0.wav
testimonial_0	testimonial	testɪmoʊniəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/testimonial_0.wav
entertainer_0	entertainer	entəʳteɪnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entertainer_0.wav
pouched_0	pouched	paʊtʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pouched_0.wav
recovering_0	recovering	rɪkʌvərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recovering_0.wav
polysulfide_0	polysulfide	ˌpɑlɪsʌlˌfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polysulfide_0.wav
gammadion_0	gammadion	ɡæmeɪdɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gammadion_0.wav
bell’s_0	bell’s	belz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bell’s_0.wav
happy-go-lucky_0	happy-go-lucky	hæpigoʊlʌki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/happy-go-lucky_0.wav
sweetcorn_0	sweetcorn	swiːtkɔʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweetcorn_0.wav
dell_0	dell	del	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dell_0.wav
isolation_0	isolation	aɪsəleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isolation_0.wav
hoopster_0	hoopster	huːpstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoopster_0.wav
application_0	application	æplɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/application_0.wav
pacifier_0	pacifier	pæsɪfaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pacifier_0.wav
dollarfish_0	dollarfish	dɒləˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dollarfish_0.wav
lauren_0	lauren	lɔːrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lauren_0.wav
pupfish_0	pupfish	pʌpˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pupfish_0.wav
rondavel_0	rondavel	rɒndɑːvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rondavel_0.wav
lagoon_1	lagoon	ləguːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lagoon_1.wav
sarcasm_0	sarcasm	sɑːʳkæzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sarcasm_0.wav
goof_0	goof	guːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goof_0.wav
chimbote_0	chimbote	tʃimbote	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chimbote_0.wav
oboe_0	oboe	oʊboʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/oboe_0.wav
begrudge_1	begrudge	bɪgrʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/begrudge_1.wav
frizz_1	frizz	frɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frizz_1.wav
mouthful_0	mouthful	maʊθfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mouthful_0.wav
biparietal_0	biparietal	ˌbaɪpəraɪɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biparietal_0.wav
outlay_0	outlay	aʊtleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outlay_0.wav
honiara_0	honiara	ˌhəʊnɪɑːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/honiara_0.wav
virginian_0	virginian	vədʒɪnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/virginian_0.wav
oleomargarine_0	oleomargarine	ˌəʊlɪəʊˌmɑːdʒəriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/oleomargarine_0.wav
regatta_1	regatta	rɪgætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/regatta_1.wav
situation_0	situation	sɪtʃueɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/situation_0.wav
tieback_0	tieback	taɪˌbæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tieback_0.wav
liquate_0	liquate	laɪkweɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liquate_0.wav
lines_0	lines	laɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lines_0.wav
philistinism_0	philistinism	fɪlɪstɪnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/philistinism_0.wav
modillion_0	modillion	mədɪljən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/modillion_0.wav
waveguide_0	waveguide	weɪvˌɡaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waveguide_0.wav
multigym_0	multigym	mʌltɪˌdʒɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multigym_0.wav
waterspout_0	waterspout	wɔːtəˌspaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waterspout_0.wav
vardon_0	vardon	vɑːdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vardon_0.wav
time-honored_0	time-honored	taɪmˌɑnərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/time-honored_0.wav
plug-and-play_0	plug-and-play	ˌplʌɡənpleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plug-and-play_0.wav
despairing_0	despairing	dɪspɛərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/despairing_0.wav
initially_0	initially	ɪnɪʃəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/initially_0.wav
hypophosphate_0	hypophosphate	ˌhaɪpəfɒsfeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypophosphate_0.wav
cigar_0	cigar	sɪɡɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cigar_0.wav
sister_0	sister	sɪstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sister_0.wav
exalt_1	exalt	ɪgzɔːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exalt_1.wav
bait_1	bait	beɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bait_1.wav
on-screen_0	on-screen	ˌɒnskriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/on-screen_0.wav
cappadocia_0	cappadocia	ˌkæpədəʊsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cappadocia_0.wav
phosphorate_0	phosphorate	fɒsfəˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phosphorate_0.wav
mew_1	mew	mjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mew_1.wav
starred_0	starred	stɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/starred_0.wav
puriri_0	puriri	puːriːriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/puriri_0.wav
inhalant_1	inhalant	ɪnheɪlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inhalant_1.wav
supervene_0	supervene	ˌsuːpəviːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/supervene_0.wav
ajmer_0	ajmer	ʌdʒmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aj/ajmer_0.wav
gunge_0	gunge	gʌndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunge_0.wav
kurd_1	kurd	kɜrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ku/kurd_1.wav
broadside_0	broadside	brɔːdsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broadside_0.wav
ichnology_0	ichnology	ɪknɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/ichnology_0.wav
discography_0	discography	dɪskɒgrəfi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discography_0.wav
hatchery_0	hatchery	hætʃəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hatchery_0.wav
commemoration_1	commemoration	kəˌmɛməreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commemoration_1.wav
undaunted_0	undaunted	ʌndɔːntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undaunted_0.wav
hellbox_0	hellbox	hɛlˌbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hellbox_0.wav
musjid_0	musjid	mʌsdʒɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/musjid_0.wav
louisa_0	louisa	luizə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/louisa_0.wav
entitle_1	entitle	ɪntaɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entitle_1.wav
bighearted_0	bighearted	bɪgˌhɑrtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bighearted_0.wav
polystyrene_0	polystyrene	pɒlɪstaɪriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polystyrene_0.wav
subentry_0	subentry	sʌbˌɛntrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subentry_0.wav
consistent_1	consistent	kənsɪstənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consistent_1.wav
neocolonialism_0	neocolonialism	ˌniːəʊkələʊnɪəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neocolonialism_0.wav
knotter_0	knotter	nɑtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knotter_0.wav
inweave_0	inweave	ɪnwiːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inweave_0.wav
pompeii_1	pompeii	pɒmpeɪiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pompeii_1.wav
admirer_1	admirer	ədmaɪərəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/admirer_1.wav
rhetor_0	rhetor	riːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhetor_0.wav
irrevocable_1	irrevocable	ɪrevəkəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irrevocable_1.wav
cerated_0	cerated	sɪəreɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cerated_0.wav
recoil_0	recoil	rɪkɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recoil_0.wav
mafeking_0	mafeking	mæfɪˌkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mafeking_0.wav
roan_1	roan	roʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roan_1.wav
phoronid_0	phoronid	fərəʊnɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phoronid_0.wav
ameslan_0	ameslan	æməsˌlæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ameslan_0.wav
soup_1	soup	suːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soup_1.wav
tiramisu_0	tiramisu	ˌtiːrəmiːsuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiramisu_0.wav
bield_0	bield	biːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bield_0.wav
executive_1	executive	ɪgzekjʊtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/executive_1.wav
tolly_0	tolly	tɒlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tolly_0.wav
unfetter_0	unfetter	ʌnfɛtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfetter_0.wav
spirillum_0	spirillum	spaɪrɪləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spirillum_0.wav
blowhole_0	blowhole	bləʊˌhəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blowhole_0.wav
changer_0	changer	tʃeɪndʒər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/changer_0.wav
root_1	root	ruːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/root_1.wav
bethink_0	bethink	bɪθɪŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bethink_0.wav
significant_0	significant	sɪgnɪfɪkənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/significant_0.wav
chant_0	chant	tʃɑːnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chant_0.wav
rhinoceros_1	rhinoceros	raɪnɒsərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhinoceros_1.wav
treasonable_0	treasonable	triːzənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/treasonable_0.wav
dysfunctional_1	dysfunctional	dɪsfʌŋkʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dy/dysfunctional_1.wav
accountancy_0	accountancy	əkaʊntənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accountancy_0.wav
trapezohedron_0	trapezohedron	trəˌpiːzəʊhiːdrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trapezohedron_0.wav
frites_0	frites	frit	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frites_0.wav
kwangju_0	kwangju	kwæŋdʒuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kw/kwangju_0.wav
fictile_0	fictile	fɪktaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fictile_0.wav
clothes_0	clothes	kloʊðz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clothes_0.wav
naive_0	naive	naɪiːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naive_0.wav
grosz_0	grosz	ɡrɔːʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grosz_0.wav
implant_0	implant	ɪmplɑːnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/implant_0.wav
guenon_0	guenon	ɡənɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guenon_0.wav
veliger_0	veliger	vɛlɪdʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/veliger_0.wav
hofei_0	hofei	həʊfeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hofei_0.wav
chow_0	chow	tʃaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chow_0.wav
tablet_0	tablet	tæblət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tablet_0.wav
conjunctivitis_1	conjunctivitis	kəndʒʌŋktɪvaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conjunctivitis_1.wav
berberine_0	berberine	bɜːbəˌriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berberine_0.wav
avouch_0	avouch	əvaʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avouch_0.wav
sit_0	sit	sɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sit_0.wav
scrum_1	scrum	skrʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrum_1.wav
nephanalysis_0	nephanalysis	ˌnɛfənæləsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nephanalysis_0.wav
swag_0	swag	swæg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swag_0.wav
microbiological_0	microbiological	maɪkroʊbaɪəlɒdʒɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/microbiological_0.wav
slam-bang_0	slam-bang	slæmbæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slam-bang_0.wav
abiotic_0	abiotic	ˌeɪbaɪɑtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abiotic_0.wav
monochromatic_0	monochromatic	ˌmɒnəʊkrəʊmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monochromatic_0.wav
expectorate_1	expectorate	ɪkspɛktəˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expectorate_1.wav
cheesewood_0	cheesewood	tʃiːzˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheesewood_0.wav
alcuin_0	alcuin	ælkwɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alcuin_0.wav
bultmann_0	bultmann	bʊltman	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bultmann_0.wav
multifunctional_0	multifunctional	ˌmʌltɪfʌŋkʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multifunctional_0.wav
forgivable_0	forgivable	fəʳgɪvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forgivable_0.wav
contrabandist_0	contrabandist	kɑntrəˌbændɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contrabandist_0.wav
sayyid_0	sayyid	saɪɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sayyid_0.wav
rigmarole_0	rigmarole	rɪgməroʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rigmarole_0.wav
rap_1	rap	ræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rap_1.wav
schoolgirl_0	schoolgirl	skuːlgɜːʳl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schoolgirl_0.wav
fag_1	fag	fæg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fag_1.wav
hurrah_0	hurrah	hʊrɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hurrah_0.wav
alleyway_0	alleyway	æliweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alleyway_0.wav
gum_0	gum	gʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gum_0.wav
mollify_0	mollify	mɒlɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mollify_0.wav
detectable_0	detectable	dɪtektəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detectable_0.wav
shirttail_0	shirttail	ʃɜrtteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shirttail_0.wav
sogdian_0	sogdian	sɒɡdɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sogdian_0.wav
poler_0	poler	pəʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poler_0.wav
bioreactor_0	bioreactor	baɪəʊrɪˌæktə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bioreactor_0.wav
somali_0	somali	səʊmɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/somali_0.wav
instantaneous_0	instantaneous	ɪnstənteɪniəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instantaneous_0.wav
acaulescent_0	acaulescent	ˌækɔːlɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acaulescent_0.wav
tristich_0	tristich	trɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tristich_0.wav
cup_0	cup	kʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cup_0.wav
fractionalize_0	fractionalize	frækʃənəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fractionalize_0.wav
moulmein_0	moulmein	maʊlmeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moulmein_0.wav
fixity_0	fixity	fɪksɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fixity_0.wav
io_0	io	aɪəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/io_0.wav
withdrawn_0	withdrawn	wɪðdrɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/withdrawn_0.wav
subdivide_0	subdivide	sʌbdɪvaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subdivide_0.wav
dimbleby_0	dimbleby	dɪmbəlbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dimbleby_0.wav
saucebox_0	saucebox	sɔːsˌbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saucebox_0.wav
sanctity_0	sanctity	sæŋktɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sanctity_0.wav
dingbat_0	dingbat	dɪŋbæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dingbat_0.wav
alley-oop_0	alley-oop	ˌæliup	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alley-oop_0.wav
pose_1	pose	poʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pose_1.wav
readdress_0	readdress	ˌriːədrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/readdress_0.wav
deffo_0	deffo	dɛfəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deffo_0.wav
acotyledon_0	acotyledon	əˌkɒtɪliːdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acotyledon_0.wav
steelworker_0	steelworker	stiːlwɜːʳkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/steelworker_0.wav
bouzouki_0	bouzouki	buːzuːkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bouzouki_0.wav
technicolor_0	technicolor	teknɪkʌləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technicolor_0.wav
protreptic_0	protreptic	prəʊtrɛptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protreptic_0.wav
salvadoran_0	salvadoran	ˌsælvədɔrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salvadoran_0.wav
rapt_0	rapt	ræpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rapt_0.wav
drawdown_0	drawdown	drɔːˌdaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drawdown_0.wav
enfold_0	enfold	ɪnfoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enfold_0.wav
bioastronautics_0	bioastronautics	ˌbaɪəʊˌæstrənɔːtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bioastronautics_0.wav
kelthane_0	kelthane	kɛlˌθeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kelthane_0.wav
heartstrings_0	heartstrings	hɑːʳtstrɪŋz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heartstrings_0.wav
forequarter_0	forequarter	fɔːˌkwɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forequarter_0.wav
astronomer_1	astronomer	əstrɒnəməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astronomer_1.wav
redshift_0	redshift	rɛdˌʃɪft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redshift_0.wav
phosphonium_0	phosphonium	fɒsfəʊnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phosphonium_0.wav
graz_0	graz	ɡraːts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graz_0.wav
pontchartrain_0	pontchartrain	pɒntʃəˌtreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pontchartrain_0.wav
agglutinin_0	agglutinin	əɡluːtɪnɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agglutinin_0.wav
peony_0	peony	piːəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peony_0.wav
octanol_0	octanol	ɒktənɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/octanol_0.wav
strapline_0	strapline	stræpˌlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strapline_0.wav
bylaw_0	bylaw	baɪlɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/by/bylaw_0.wav
prescriptive_0	prescriptive	prɪskrɪptɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prescriptive_0.wav
raider_0	raider	reɪdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/raider_0.wav
unrestricted_0	unrestricted	ʌnrɪstrɪktɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unrestricted_0.wav
rancorous_0	rancorous	ræŋkərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rancorous_0.wav
athematic_0	athematic	ˌæθɪmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athematic_0.wav
tinge_0	tinge	tɪndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tinge_0.wav
synthetic_1	synthetic	sɪnθetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synthetic_1.wav
maim_1	maim	meɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maim_1.wav
bequeath_0	bequeath	bɪkwiːð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bequeath_0.wav
rimini_0	rimini	rɪmɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rimini_0.wav
hysterical_1	hysterical	hɪsterɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hysterical_1.wav
cloudscape_0	cloudscape	klaʊdskeɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cloudscape_0.wav
sickbay_0	sickbay	sɪkˌbeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sickbay_0.wav
stimulant_0	stimulant	stɪmjʊlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stimulant_0.wav
operant_0	operant	ɒpərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/operant_0.wav
buridan_0	buridan	bjʊərɪdənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buridan_0.wav
phytohemagglutinin_0	phytohemagglutinin	ˌfaɪtoʊˌhiməglutənˌɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phytohemagglutinin_0.wav
neuroblast_0	neuroblast	njʊərəʊˌblæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neuroblast_0.wav
asymmetry_0	asymmetry	eɪsɪmətri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asymmetry_0.wav
laborious_1	laborious	ləbɔːriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laborious_1.wav
microaerophile_0	microaerophile	ˌmaɪkrəʊɛərəʊˌfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/microaerophile_0.wav
polemic_0	polemic	pəlemɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polemic_0.wav
notecard_0	notecard	nəʊtˌkɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/notecard_0.wav
undercharge_0	undercharge	ˌʌndətʃɑːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undercharge_0.wav
unhook_1	unhook	ʌnhʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unhook_1.wav
henpeck_0	henpeck	hɛnˌpɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/henpeck_0.wav
nucivorous_0	nucivorous	njuːsɪvərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nucivorous_0.wav
footstool_0	footstool	fʊtstuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footstool_0.wav
yaffle_0	yaffle	jæfəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yaffle_0.wav
jewelfish_0	jewelfish	dʒuːəlˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jewelfish_0.wav
doggo_0	doggo	dɒɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doggo_0.wav
immobile_0	immobile	ɪməʊbaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immobile_0.wav
thorndike_0	thorndike	θɔːnˌdaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thorndike_0.wav
shitty_0	shitty	ʃɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shitty_0.wav
glycophyte_0	glycophyte	ɡlaɪkəʊˌfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glycophyte_0.wav
cartelize_0	cartelize	kɑːtəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cartelize_0.wav
irrespective_0	irrespective	ɪrɪspektɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irrespective_0.wav
acutance_0	acutance	əkjuːtəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acutance_0.wav
pedicular_0	pedicular	pɪdɪkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pedicular_0.wav
eversible_0	eversible	ivɜrsəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/eversible_0.wav
fave_0	fave	feɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fave_0.wav
biathlete_0	biathlete	baɪæθliːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biathlete_0.wav
larrup_0	larrup	lærəp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/larrup_0.wav
oxnard_0	oxnard	ɑksnɑrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxnard_0.wav
country_0	country	kʌntri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/country_0.wav
nasogastric_0	nasogastric	ˌneɪzəʊɡæstrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nasogastric_0.wav
string_0	string	strɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/string_0.wav
housekeeping_0	housekeeping	haʊskiːpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/housekeeping_0.wav
cori_0	cori	kɔːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cori_0.wav
peacenik_0	peacenik	piːsnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peacenik_0.wav
patient_0	patient	peɪʃənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patient_0.wav
splosh_1	splosh	splɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splosh_1.wav
judas_0	judas	dʒuːdəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/judas_0.wav
hemipteran_0	hemipteran	hɪmɪptərən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemipteran_0.wav
diaphoresis_0	diaphoresis	ˌdaɪəfəriːsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diaphoresis_0.wav
gladiator_0	gladiator	glædieɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/gladiator_0.wav
prosody_0	prosody	prɒsədɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prosody_0.wav
euphausiid_0	euphausiid	juːfɔːzɪɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euphausiid_0.wav
indite_0	indite	ɪndaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indite_0.wav
leviable_0	leviable	lɛvɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leviable_0.wav
zaqaziq_0	zaqaziq	zækəˌzɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/za/zaqaziq_0.wav
scoundrel_0	scoundrel	skaʊndrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scoundrel_0.wav
buru_0	buru	buru	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buru_0.wav
palace_0	palace	pælɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palace_0.wav
ethnic_0	ethnic	eθnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethnic_0.wav
peasantry_0	peasantry	pezəntri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peasantry_0.wav
toman_0	toman	təmɑːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toman_0.wav
mettle_0	mettle	metəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mettle_0.wav
brahmanism_0	brahmanism	brɑːməˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brahmanism_0.wav
igdrasil_0	igdrasil	ɪɡdrəsɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ig/igdrasil_0.wav
orpiment_0	orpiment	ɔːpɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orpiment_0.wav
thimble_0	thimble	θɪmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thimble_0.wav
submaxilla_0	submaxilla	ˌsʌbmæksɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/submaxilla_0.wav
negatron_0	negatron	nɛɡəˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/negatron_0.wav
iodism_0	iodism	aɪəˌdɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/iodism_0.wav
aviation_0	aviation	eɪvieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/aviation_0.wav
sgml_0	sgml	es dʒiː em el	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sg/sgml_0.wav
reactive_0	reactive	riæktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reactive_0.wav
swollen_0	swollen	swoʊlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swollen_0.wav
scandian_0	scandian	skændɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scandian_0.wav
pipe_0	pipe	paɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pipe_0.wav
honeyguide_0	honeyguide	hʌniˌgaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/honeyguide_0.wav
collector_0	collector	kəlektəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collector_0.wav
madagascar_0	madagascar	ˌmædəɡæskə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madagascar_0.wav
slack-jawed_0	slack-jawed	ˌslækdʒɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slack-jawed_0.wav
rant_1	rant	rænt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rant_1.wav
earsplitting_0	earsplitting	ɪrˌsplɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/earsplitting_0.wav
nitrite_0	nitrite	naɪtraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nitrite_0.wav
leasehold_0	leasehold	liːshoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leasehold_0.wav
viennese_0	viennese	ˌvɪəniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viennese_0.wav
astronomy_0	astronomy	əstrɒnəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astronomy_0.wav
stood_0	stood	stʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stood_0.wav
insoul_0	insoul	ɪnsəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insoul_0.wav
placement_0	placement	pleɪsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/placement_0.wav
enchain_0	enchain	ɪntʃeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enchain_0.wav
outness_0	outness	aʊtnɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outness_0.wav
halberstadt_0	halberstadt	hælbəˌʃtat	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/halberstadt_0.wav
subtropics_0	subtropics	sʌbtrɒpɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subtropics_0.wav
industrialism_0	industrialism	ɪndʌstriəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/industrialism_0.wav
hick_1	hick	hɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hick_1.wav
culet_0	culet	kjuːlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/culet_0.wav
gestalt_1	gestalt	gəʃtælt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gestalt_1.wav
mandinka_0	mandinka	mændɪŋkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mandinka_0.wav
pfft_0	pfft	ft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pf/pfft_0.wav
bragi_0	bragi	brɑːɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bragi_0.wav
identikit_1	identikit	aɪdentɪkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/identikit_1.wav
filmi_0	filmi	filmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/filmi_0.wav
cockshot_0	cockshot	kɒkˌʃɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cockshot_0.wav
geology_1	geology	dʒiɒlədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geology_1.wav
pronunciamento_0	pronunciamento	prəˌnʌnsɪəmɛntəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pronunciamento_0.wav
bootless_0	bootless	buːtlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bootless_0.wav
befall_0	befall	bɪfɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/befall_0.wav
demirep_0	demirep	dɛmɪˌrɛp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demirep_0.wav
kekeno_0	kekeno	kɛkɛnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kekeno_0.wav
low-end_0	low-end	loʊɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/low-end_0.wav
lumberman_0	lumberman	lʌmbəʳmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lumberman_0.wav
scumble_0	scumble	skʌmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scumble_0.wav
full-size_0	full-size	ˌfʊlsaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/full-size_0.wav
stengah_0	stengah	stɛŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stengah_0.wav
robotize_0	robotize	rəʊbəˌtaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/robotize_0.wav
substantial_0	substantial	səbstænʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/substantial_0.wav
glug_0	glug	ɡlʌɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glug_0.wav
maple_0	maple	meɪpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maple_0.wav
envy_0	envy	envi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/envy_0.wav
gratinated_0	gratinated	ɡrætɪˌneɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gratinated_0.wav
multiprogramming_0	multiprogramming	ˌmʌltɪprəʊɡræmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multiprogramming_0.wav
semelparous_0	semelparous	sɛməlˌpærəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semelparous_0.wav
tympanic_0	tympanic	tɪmpænɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tympanic_0.wav
disburse_1	disburse	dɪsbɜːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disburse_1.wav
antitrust_0	antitrust	æntitrʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antitrust_0.wav
cohesion_0	cohesion	koʊhiːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cohesion_0.wav
serpens_0	serpens	sɜːpənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serpens_0.wav
joyce_0	joyce	dʒɔɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/joyce_0.wav
gravitas_0	gravitas	grævɪtæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gravitas_0.wav
finfoot_0	finfoot	fɪnˌfʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finfoot_0.wav
manure_0	manure	mənjʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manure_0.wav
chide_0	chide	tʃaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chide_0.wav
radiotherapy_0	radiotherapy	reɪdioʊθerəpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radiotherapy_0.wav
cistern_0	cistern	sɪstəʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cistern_0.wav
talented_0	talented	tæləntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/talented_0.wav
mattoid_0	mattoid	mætɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mattoid_0.wav
lbo_0	lbo	ˌɛlˌbioʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lb/lbo_0.wav
chow_1	chow	tʃaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chow_1.wav
ornithology_0	ornithology	ɔːʳnɪθɒlədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ornithology_0.wav
baconer_0	baconer	beɪkənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baconer_0.wav
biophilia_0	biophilia	ˌbaɪəʊfɪlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biophilia_0.wav
adulterated_0	adulterated	ədʌltərˌeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adulterated_0.wav
feticide_0	feticide	fiːtɪˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feticide_0.wav
erythron_0	erythron	ɪrɪθrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erythron_0.wav
hatter_0	hatter	hætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hatter_0.wav
kiley_0	kiley	kaɪlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kiley_0.wav
row_1	row	roʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/row_1.wav
epanorthosis_0	epanorthosis	ɪˌpænɔːθəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epanorthosis_0.wav
arctogaea_0	arctogaea	ˌɑːktədʒiːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arctogaea_0.wav
conkers_0	conkers	kɒŋkəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conkers_0.wav
enkindle_0	enkindle	ɪnkɪndəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enkindle_0.wav
bioaccumulate_0	bioaccumulate	ˌbaɪəʊəkjuːmʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bioaccumulate_0.wav
inscription_0	inscription	ɪnskrɪpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inscription_0.wav
eyebrow_0	eyebrow	aɪbraʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyebrow_0.wav
vancouver_0	vancouver	vænkuːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vancouver_0.wav
epideictic_0	epideictic	ˌɛpɪdaɪktɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epideictic_0.wav
hanker_0	hanker	hæŋkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hanker_0.wav
ingraft_0	ingraft	ɪnɡrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ingraft_0.wav
dubbin_0	dubbin	dʌbɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dubbin_0.wav
recurring_0	recurring	rɪkɜrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recurring_0.wav
bramante_0	bramante	bramante	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bramante_0.wav
executant_0	executant	ɪɡzɛkjʊtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/executant_0.wav
assyrian_1	assyrian	əsɪrɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assyrian_1.wav
malign_1	malign	məlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malign_1.wav
clamber_0	clamber	klæmbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clamber_0.wav
chordwise_0	chordwise	kɔːdˌwaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chordwise_0.wav
chef_1	chef	ʃef	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chef_1.wav
interdependent_0	interdependent	ɪntəʳdɪpendənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interdependent_0.wav
fianna_0	fianna	fiːənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fianna_0.wav
bop_1	bop	bɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bop_1.wav
repose_1	repose	rɪpoʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repose_1.wav
bejewelled_0	bejewelled	bɪdʒuːəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bejewelled_0.wav
roughrider_0	roughrider	rʌfˌraɪdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roughrider_0.wav
sclerotomy_0	sclerotomy	sklɪərɒtəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/sclerotomy_0.wav
shastra_0	shastra	ʃɑːstrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shastra_0.wav
outwards_0	outwards	aʊtwəʳdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outwards_0.wav
æthelbert_0	æthelbert	æθəlˌbɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/æt/æthelbert_0.wav
cage_0	cage	keɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cage_0.wav
privileged_0	privileged	prɪvɪlɪdʒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/privileged_0.wav
aubrietia_0	aubrietia	ɔːbriːʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/aubrietia_0.wav
medfly_0	medfly	mɛdˌflaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medfly_0.wav
tailored_0	tailored	teɪləʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tailored_0.wav
disoperation_0	disoperation	dɪsˌɒpəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disoperation_0.wav
scrub_0	scrub	skrʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrub_0.wav
shadwell_0	shadwell	ʃædwəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shadwell_0.wav
wan_1	wan	wɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wan_1.wav
fallot_0	fallot	fæləʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fallot_0.wav
diarize_0	diarize	daɪəˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diarize_0.wav
unreflective_0	unreflective	ˌʌnrɪflɛktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unreflective_0.wav
largehearted_0	largehearted	lɑrdʒˌhɑrtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/largehearted_0.wav
bead_1	bead	biːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bead_1.wav
lambic_0	lambic	læmbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lambic_0.wav
tiv_0	tiv	tɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiv_0.wav
medicated_0	medicated	medɪkeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medicated_0.wav
parabolize_0	parabolize	pəræbəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parabolize_0.wav
fumble_0	fumble	fʌmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fumble_0.wav
rehearse_1	rehearse	rɪhɜːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rehearse_1.wav
wozniak_0	wozniak	wɒznɪæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wozniak_0.wav
hanaper_0	hanaper	hænəpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hanaper_0.wav
matrifocal_0	matrifocal	ˌmætrɪfəʊkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matrifocal_0.wav
mor_0	mor	em oʊ ɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mor_0.wav
percussive_0	percussive	pəʳkʌsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/percussive_0.wav
decomposer_0	decomposer	ˌdiːkəmpəʊzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decomposer_0.wav
motive_0	motive	moʊtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/motive_0.wav
lp_0	lp	el piː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lp/lp_0.wav
homoiothermal_0	homoiothermal	ˌhɒmɔɪəʊθɜːməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homoiothermal_0.wav
turk_3	turk	tɜːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turk_3.wav
islamabad_0	islamabad	ɪzlɑːməˌbɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/islamabad_0.wav
airbrick_0	airbrick	ɛəˌbrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/airbrick_0.wav
erythrocyte_0	erythrocyte	ɪrɪθrəʊˌsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erythrocyte_0.wav
fen_1	fen	fen	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fen_1.wav
tit_0	tit	tɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tit_0.wav
anyang_0	anyang	ɑːnjɑːŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anyang_0.wav
shoveler_0	shoveler	ʃʌvələ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoveler_0.wav
requital_0	requital	rɪkwaɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/requital_0.wav
discretion_0	discretion	dɪskreʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discretion_0.wav
clubhouse_0	clubhouse	klʌbhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clubhouse_0.wav
dinette_0	dinette	daɪnɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dinette_0.wav
brilliance_0	brilliance	brɪljəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brilliance_0.wav
sprain_0	sprain	spreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprain_0.wav
wordsmith_0	wordsmith	wɜːdˌsmɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wordsmith_0.wav
gastrovascular_0	gastrovascular	ˌɡæstrəʊvæskjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gastrovascular_0.wav
uncharitable_0	uncharitable	ʌntʃærɪtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncharitable_0.wav
parget_0	parget	pɑːdʒɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parget_0.wav
tubman_0	tubman	tʌbmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubman_0.wav
gree_0	gree	ɡriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gree_0.wav
randem_0	randem	rændɛm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/randem_0.wav
quiver_0	quiver	kwɪvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quiver_0.wav
rice_1	rice	raɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rice_1.wav
obese_0	obese	oʊbiːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obese_0.wav
frumpy_0	frumpy	frʌmpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frumpy_0.wav
refectory_0	refectory	rɪfektəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/refectory_0.wav
foresaid_0	foresaid	fɔːˌsɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foresaid_0.wav
technophile_0	technophile	tɛknəʊˌfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technophile_0.wav
lymington_0	lymington	lɪmɪŋtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lymington_0.wav
edirne_0	edirne	ɛdirnɛ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/edirne_0.wav
off-line_0	off-line	ɔflaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/off-line_0.wav
snivel_0	snivel	snɪvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snivel_0.wav
taoiseach_0	taoiseach	tiːʃək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taoiseach_0.wav
stud_1	stud	stʌd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stud_1.wav
tiber_0	tiber	taɪbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tiber_0.wav
recherché_0	recherché	rəʃeəʳʃeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recherché_0.wav
shred_1	shred	ʃred	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shred_1.wav
uncomplicated_0	uncomplicated	ʌnkɒmplɪkeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncomplicated_0.wav
mycetophagous_0	mycetophagous	ˌmaɪsɪtɒfəɡəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mycetophagous_0.wav
wuhsien_0	wuhsien	wuːʃjɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wu/wuhsien_0.wav
flamsteed_0	flamsteed	flæmˌstiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flamsteed_0.wav
upas_0	upas	juːpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upas_0.wav
hypochondrium_0	hypochondrium	ˌhaɪpəkɒndrɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypochondrium_0.wav
stirring_0	stirring	stɜːrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stirring_0.wav
phrase_0	phrase	freɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phrase_0.wav
castlereagh_0	castlereagh	kɑːsəlˌreɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/castlereagh_0.wav
bill_0	bill	bɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bill_0.wav
alder_0	alder	ɔːldəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alder_0.wav
gamer_0	gamer	geɪməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamer_0.wav
whirlwind_0	whirlwind	hwɜːʳlwɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whirlwind_0.wav
goalkeeper_0	goalkeeper	goʊlkiːpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goalkeeper_0.wav
paroecious_0	paroecious	pəriːʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paroecious_0.wav
companionship_0	companionship	kəmpænjənʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/companionship_0.wav
biconditional_0	biconditional	ˌbaɪkəndɪʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biconditional_0.wav
apicodental_0	apicodental	ˌæpɪkoʊdɛntəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apicodental_0.wav
venerable_0	venerable	venərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venerable_0.wav
finnic_0	finnic	fɪnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finnic_0.wav
scupper_0	scupper	skʌpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scupper_0.wav
equable_0	equable	ekwəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equable_0.wav
gearbox_0	gearbox	gɪəʳbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gearbox_0.wav
betray_1	betray	bɪtreɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/betray_1.wav
aforethought_0	aforethought	əfɔːˌθɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/aforethought_0.wav
imbower_0	imbower	ɪmbaʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imbower_0.wav
unjust_0	unjust	ʌndʒʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unjust_0.wav
visual_0	visual	vɪʒuəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/visual_0.wav
retrieve_1	retrieve	rɪtriːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retrieve_1.wav
haruspex_0	haruspex	hərʌspɛks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haruspex_0.wav
felicity_0	felicity	fɪlɪsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/felicity_0.wav
doric_0	doric	dɒrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doric_0.wav
goony_0	goony	ɡuːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goony_0.wav
meerkat_0	meerkat	mɪəˌkæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meerkat_0.wav
jill_0	jill	dʒɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jill_0.wav
hippocrates_1	hippocrates	hɪpɒkrəˌtiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hippocrates_1.wav
underplay_0	underplay	ʌndəʳpleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underplay_0.wav
confusion_1	confusion	kənfjuːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confusion_1.wav
nabob_0	nabob	neɪbɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nabob_0.wav
nonfinite_0	nonfinite	nɒnfaɪnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonfinite_0.wav
plowshare_0	plowshare	plaʊʃeəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plowshare_0.wav
honor_0	honor	ɒnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/honor_0.wav
requisition_0	requisition	rekwɪzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/requisition_0.wav
xenogeneic_0	xenogeneic	ˌzɛnəʊdʒɪneɪɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xe/xenogeneic_0.wav
posology_0	posology	pəsɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/posology_0.wav
fence_1	fence	fens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fence_1.wav
corral_0	corral	kərɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corral_0.wav
effusiometer_0	effusiometer	ɪˌfjuːzɪɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effusiometer_0.wav
rave_0	rave	reɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rave_0.wav
liny_0	liny	laɪni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liny_0.wav
libertarian_0	libertarian	lɪbəʳteəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/libertarian_0.wav
ygerne_0	ygerne	iːɡɛən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yg/ygerne_0.wav
reive_0	reive	riːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reive_0.wav
fetter_0	fetter	fetəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fetter_0.wav
tweeny_0	tweeny	twiːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/tweeny_0.wav
rachel_0	rachel	reɪtʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rachel_0.wav
spreadeagled_0	spreadeagled	sprediːgəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spreadeagled_0.wav
gryke_0	gryke	ɡraɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gryke_0.wav
triangle_0	triangle	traɪæŋgəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triangle_0.wav
pansy_0	pansy	pænzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pansy_0.wav
instant_0	instant	ɪnstənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instant_0.wav
relearn_0	relearn	riːlɜːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relearn_0.wav
spain_0	spain	speɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spain_0.wav
reassured_0	reassured	riːəʃʊəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reassured_0.wav
blackshirt_0	blackshirt	blækˌʃɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackshirt_0.wav
debase_0	debase	dɪbeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/debase_0.wav
premise_0	premise	premɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/premise_0.wav
oxacillin_0	oxacillin	ˌɒksəsɪlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxacillin_0.wav
goatee_0	goatee	goʊtiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goatee_0.wav
jeweller_0	jeweller	dʒuːələʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jeweller_0.wav
jalisco_0	jalisco	xalisko	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jalisco_0.wav
pus_0	pus	pʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pus_0.wav
piopio_0	piopio	piːɒpiːɒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piopio_0.wav
harrington_0	harrington	hærɪŋtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harrington_0.wav
takao_0	takao	tækaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/takao_0.wav
pause_1	pause	pɔːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pause_1.wav
impressive_0	impressive	ɪmpresɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impressive_0.wav
agaze_0	agaze	əɡeɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agaze_0.wav
languid_0	languid	læŋgwɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/languid_0.wav
hobnob_0	hobnob	hɒbnɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hobnob_0.wav
spy_1	spy	spaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spy_1.wav
steenbok_0	steenbok	stiːnˌbɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/steenbok_0.wav
plume_0	plume	pluːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plume_0.wav
rectifier_0	rectifier	rɛktɪˌfaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rectifier_0.wav
retroject_0	retroject	ˌrɛtrəʊdʒɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retroject_0.wav
misprice_0	misprice	ˌmɪspraɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misprice_0.wav
brice_0	brice	braɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brice_0.wav
resend_0	resend	riːsɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resend_0.wav
keftedes_0	keftedes	kɛftɛðɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keftedes_0.wav
terry_0	terry	teri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terry_0.wav
sleazy_0	sleazy	sliːzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/sleazy_0.wav
hillfort_0	hillfort	hɪlˌfɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hillfort_0.wav
ridgepole_0	ridgepole	rɪdʒˌpəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ridgepole_0.wav
overemphasis_0	overemphasis	oʊvəremfəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overemphasis_0.wav
admeasurement_0	admeasurement	ædmɛʒərmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/admeasurement_0.wav
horrent_0	horrent	hɒrənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horrent_0.wav
millipede_0	millipede	mɪlɪpiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/millipede_0.wav
kithe_0	kithe	kaɪð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kithe_0.wav
alfreda_0	alfreda	ælfridə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alfreda_0.wav
unending_1	unending	ʌnendɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unending_1.wav
colectomy_0	colectomy	kəlɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colectomy_0.wav
xylogenous_0	xylogenous	zaɪlɒdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xy/xylogenous_0.wav
scorpioid_0	scorpioid	skɔːpɪˌɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scorpioid_0.wav
downfall_0	downfall	daʊnfɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downfall_0.wav
taraire_0	taraire	ˌtɑːrɑːiːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taraire_0.wav
intel_0	intel	ɪntel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intel_0.wav
fortissimo_0	fortissimo	fɔːʳtɪsɪmoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fortissimo_0.wav
redwing_0	redwing	rɛdˌwɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redwing_0.wav
pustule_0	pustule	pʌstʃuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pustule_0.wav
eulogize_0	eulogize	juːlədʒaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eulogize_0.wav
bombed-out_0	bombed-out	ˌbɒmdaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bombed-out_0.wav
bowels_0	bowels	baʊəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bowels_0.wav
underlay_0	underlay	ʌndəʳleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underlay_0.wav
ballplayer_0	ballplayer	bɔːlpleɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/ballplayer_0.wav
nonreturnable_0	nonreturnable	ˌnɒnrɪtɜːnəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonreturnable_0.wav
antseranana_0	antseranana	ˌæntsɪrænənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antseranana_0.wav
denture_0	denture	dɛntʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denture_0.wav
jerrycan_0	jerrycan	dʒɛrɪˌkæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jerrycan_0.wav
mack_0	mack	mæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mack_0.wav
loot_0	loot	luːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loot_0.wav
tare_0	tare	tɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tare_0.wav
penpusher_0	penpusher	pɛnˌpʊʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penpusher_0.wav
tonus_0	tonus	təʊnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tonus_0.wav
specifiable_0	specifiable	spɛsɪˌfaɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/specifiable_0.wav
drambuie_1	drambuie	dræmbjuːɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drambuie_1.wav
unrelenting_0	unrelenting	ʌnrɪlentɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unrelenting_0.wav
updraught_0	updraught	ʌpˌdrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/updraught_0.wav
automotive_0	automotive	ɔːtəmoʊtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/automotive_0.wav
sedimentation_0	sedimentation	ˌsɛdɪmɛnteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sedimentation_0.wav
gambian_0	gambian	ɡæmbɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gambian_0.wav
amidone_0	amidone	æmɪdəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amidone_0.wav
kiblah_0	kiblah	kɪblɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kiblah_0.wav
hydromorphic_0	hydromorphic	ˌhaɪdrəmɔːfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydromorphic_0.wav
indigent_0	indigent	ɪndɪdʒənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indigent_0.wav
mineralizer_0	mineralizer	mɪnərəˌlaɪzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mineralizer_0.wav
midden_0	midden	mɪdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midden_0.wav
toscanini_0	toscanini	ˌtɒskəniːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toscanini_0.wav
pardonable_0	pardonable	pɑːʳdənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pardonable_0.wav
overthink_0	overthink	əʊvəʳθɪŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overthink_0.wav
operatic_0	operatic	ɒpərætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/operatic_0.wav
took_0	took	tʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/took_0.wav
ucayali_0	ucayali	ukajali	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/uc/ucayali_0.wav
mapau_0	mapau	mɑːpɑːuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mapau_0.wav
editorialist_0	editorialist	ˌɛdɪtɔriəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/editorialist_0.wav
weskit_0	weskit	wɛskɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weskit_0.wav
priming_0	priming	praɪmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/priming_0.wav
kieślowski_0	kieślowski	kiʃlɔfskɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kieślowski_0.wav
libby_0	libby	lɪbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/libby_0.wav
philippians_0	philippians	fɪlɪpɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/philippians_0.wav
acetanilide_0	acetanilide	ˌæsɪtænɪˌlaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acetanilide_0.wav
warbler_0	warbler	wɔːʳbləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/warbler_0.wav
suds_0	suds	sʌdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suds_0.wav
fox_1	fox	fɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fox_1.wav
mealybug_0	mealybug	miliˌbʌg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mealybug_0.wav
muley_0	muley	mjuːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muley_0.wav
hunch_1	hunch	hʌntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hunch_1.wav
alodium_0	alodium	ələʊdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alodium_0.wav
unchangeable_0	unchangeable	ʌntʃeɪndʒəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unchangeable_0.wav
squint_1	squint	skwɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squint_1.wav
peculiarity_0	peculiarity	pɪkjuːliærɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peculiarity_0.wav
antemortem_0	antemortem	ˌæntimɔrtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antemortem_0.wav
interfacing_0	interfacing	ɪntəˌfeɪsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interfacing_0.wav
agassiz_0	agassiz	aɡasi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agassiz_0.wav
implication_0	implication	ɪmplɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/implication_0.wav
thievery_0	thievery	θivəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thievery_0.wav
succumb_1	succumb	səkʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/succumb_1.wav
linkboy_0	linkboy	lɪŋkˌbɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/linkboy_0.wav
tellurion_0	tellurion	tɛlʊərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tellurion_0.wav
acalculia_0	acalculia	ˌækælkjuːlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acalculia_0.wav
octobrist_0	octobrist	ɒktəʊbrɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/octobrist_0.wav
straggler_0	straggler	strægələʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/straggler_0.wav
blotto_0	blotto	blɒtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blotto_0.wav
gang-gang_0	gang-gang	ɡæŋˌɡæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gang-gang_0.wav
viewer_0	viewer	vjuːəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viewer_0.wav
ronnie_0	ronnie	rɒnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/ronnie_0.wav
jonquil_0	jonquil	dʒɒŋkwɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jonquil_0.wav
psephite_0	psephite	siːfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psephite_0.wav
preclude_1	preclude	prɪkluːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preclude_1.wav
pulvillus_0	pulvillus	pʌlvɪləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pulvillus_0.wav
focused_0	focused	foʊkəst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/focused_0.wav
whakairo_0	whakairo	fɑːkɑːiːrɒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whakairo_0.wav
reel-to-reel_0	reel-to-reel	rilturil	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reel-to-reel_0.wav
communalism_0	communalism	kɒmjʊnəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/communalism_0.wav
corruptionist_0	corruptionist	kərʌpʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corruptionist_0.wav
quiz_0	quiz	kwɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quiz_0.wav
ticklace_0	ticklace	tɪkəˌlæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/ticklace_0.wav
knavery_0	knavery	neɪvərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knavery_0.wav
know-nothing_0	know-nothing	noʊˌnʌθɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/know-nothing_0.wav
descending_0	descending	dɪsendɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/descending_0.wav
emblaze_0	emblaze	ɪmbleɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emblaze_0.wav
sapajou_0	sapajou	sæpəˌdʒuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sapajou_0.wav
pissed_1	pissed	pɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pissed_1.wav
obsequent_0	obsequent	ɒbsɪkwənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obsequent_0.wav
ergotamine_0	ergotamine	ɜːɡɒtəˌmiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/ergotamine_0.wav
punch_0	punch	pʌntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punch_0.wav
parthenogenesis_0	parthenogenesis	ˌpɑːθɪnəʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parthenogenesis_0.wav
kendrew_0	kendrew	kɛndruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kendrew_0.wav
tentation_0	tentation	tɛnteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tentation_0.wav
focal_0	focal	foʊkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/focal_0.wav
extremity_0	extremity	ɪkstremɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extremity_0.wav
suppliance_0	suppliance	sʌpliəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppliance_0.wav
sheared_0	sheared	ʃɪrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sheared_0.wav
prang_1	prang	præŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prang_1.wav
greenaway_0	greenaway	ɡriːnəˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenaway_0.wav
saltatorial_0	saltatorial	ˌsæltətɔːrɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saltatorial_0.wav
unused_0	unused	ʌnjuːzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unused_0.wav
nonequivalence_0	nonequivalence	ˌnɒnɪkwɪvələns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonequivalence_0.wav
eurytherm_0	eurytherm	jʊərɪˌθɜːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eurytherm_0.wav
tussaud_0	tussaud	tyso	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tussaud_0.wav
dataveillance_0	dataveillance	deɪtəˌveɪləns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dataveillance_0.wav
homothallic_0	homothallic	ˌhəʊməʊθælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homothallic_0.wav
garble_0	garble	ɡɑːbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garble_0.wav
cosign_0	cosign	kəʊsaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cosign_0.wav
inchworm_0	inchworm	ɪntʃˌwɜːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inchworm_0.wav
pasargadae_0	pasargadae	pæsɑːɡəˌdiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pasargadae_0.wav
corded_0	corded	kɔːdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corded_0.wav
adrenocortical_0	adrenocortical	əˌdriːnəʊkɔːtɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adrenocortical_0.wav
stipulate_0	stipulate	stɪpjʊleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stipulate_0.wav
aintab_0	aintab	aɪntɑːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/aintab_0.wav
gwent_1	gwent	ɡwɛnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gw/gwent_1.wav
rutting_0	rutting	rʌtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rutting_0.wav
aethelstan_0	aethelstan	æθəlˌstæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aethelstan_0.wav
hylozoism_0	hylozoism	ˌhaɪləzəʊɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hylozoism_0.wav
meseems_0	meseems	mɪsiːmz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meseems_0.wav
smash_0	smash	smæʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smash_0.wav
trichiasis_0	trichiasis	trɪkaɪəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trichiasis_0.wav
dipt_0	dipt	dɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dipt_0.wav
workout_0	workout	wɜːʳkaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/workout_0.wav
mantinea_0	mantinea	ˌmæntɪneɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mantinea_0.wav
marsala_0	marsala	mɑːsɑːlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marsala_0.wav
beachcomber_0	beachcomber	biːtʃkoʊməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beachcomber_0.wav
chelp_0	chelp	tʃɛlp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chelp_0.wav
habiliment_0	habiliment	həbɪlɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/habiliment_0.wav
dutton_0	dutton	dʌtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dutton_0.wav
elgar_0	elgar	ɛlɡɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elgar_0.wav
unfortunate_0	unfortunate	ʌnfɔːʳtʃʊnət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfortunate_0.wav
popgun_0	popgun	pɒpˌɡʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/popgun_0.wav
hand-feed_0	hand-feed	hændˌfid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hand-feed_0.wav
into_0	into	ɪntuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/into_0.wav
prurigo_0	prurigo	prʊəraɪɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prurigo_0.wav
catastrophe_0	catastrophe	kətæstrəfi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catastrophe_0.wav
nevelson_0	nevelson	nɛvəlsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nevelson_0.wav
gandhiism_0	gandhiism	ɡændɪˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gandhiism_0.wav
kit_1	kit	kɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kit_1.wav
deponent_0	deponent	dɪpəʊnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deponent_0.wav
tartrated_0	tartrated	tɑːtreɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tartrated_0.wav
alec_0	alec	ælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alec_0.wav
clinopyroxene_0	clinopyroxene	ˌklaɪnəʊpaɪrɒksiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clinopyroxene_0.wav
pavilion_1	pavilion	pəvɪliən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pavilion_1.wav
changeable_0	changeable	tʃeɪndʒəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/changeable_0.wav
cross-index_0	cross-index	krɔsˌɪnˌdɛks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cross-index_0.wav
loxodromics_0	loxodromics	ˌlɒksədrɒmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loxodromics_0.wav
incogitant_0	incogitant	ɪnkɒdʒɪtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incogitant_0.wav
areole_0	areole	ærɪəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/areole_0.wav
disfeature_0	disfeature	dɪsfiːtʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disfeature_0.wav
copolymerize_0	copolymerize	kəʊpɒlɪməˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/copolymerize_0.wav
smasher_0	smasher	smæʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smasher_0.wav
holpen_0	holpen	həʊlpən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holpen_0.wav
occam_0	occam	ɒkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occam_0.wav
hokkaido_1	hokkaido	hɒkaɪdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hokkaido_1.wav
tramway_0	tramway	træmweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tramway_0.wav
scandalmonger_0	scandalmonger	skændəlˌmʌŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scandalmonger_0.wav
norroy_0	norroy	nɒrɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/norroy_0.wav
molality_0	molality	mɒlælɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molality_0.wav
damned_0	damned	dæmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/damned_0.wav
indivisible_0	indivisible	ɪndɪvɪzɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indivisible_0.wav
postaxial_0	postaxial	pəʊstæksɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/postaxial_0.wav
mandy_0	mandy	mændi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mandy_0.wav
companion_0	companion	kəmpænjən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/companion_0.wav
self-sown_0	self-sown	sɛlfsoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-sown_0.wav
wrinkle_0	wrinkle	rɪŋkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrinkle_0.wav
inducement_0	inducement	ɪndjuːsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inducement_0.wav
bashi-bazouk_0	bashi-bazouk	ˌbæʃibəzuk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bashi-bazouk_0.wav
zapotec_0	zapotec	zɑːpəˌtɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/za/zapotec_0.wav
leveler_0	leveler	lɛvələr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leveler_0.wav
cardinal_0	cardinal	kɑːʳdnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardinal_0.wav
crapshoot_0	crapshoot	kræpʃut	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crapshoot_0.wav
anyone_0	anyone	eniwʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anyone_0.wav
apparent_0	apparent	əpærənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apparent_0.wav
diandrous_0	diandrous	daɪændrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diandrous_0.wav
apathetic_0	apathetic	æpəθetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apathetic_0.wav
uh_0	uh	ʌh	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/uh/uh_0.wav
quartern_0	quartern	kwɔːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quartern_0.wav
decertify_0	decertify	diːsɜːtɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decertify_0.wav
tumblebug_0	tumblebug	tʌmbəlˌbʌɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tumblebug_0.wav
lilangeni_0	lilangeni	lɪlɑːŋˌɡeɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lilangeni_0.wav
diffuse_1	diffuse	dɪfjuːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diffuse_1.wav
hemimorphite_0	hemimorphite	ˌhɛmɪmɔːfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemimorphite_0.wav
yuppify_0	yuppify	jʌpɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yuppify_0.wav
actinide_0	actinide	æktɪˌnaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/actinide_0.wav
entophytic_0	entophytic	ˌɛntəʊfɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entophytic_0.wav
sectarian_1	sectarian	sekteəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sectarian_1.wav
unhinged_0	unhinged	ʌnhɪndʒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unhinged_0.wav
oswald_0	oswald	ɒzwəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/oswald_0.wav
monometallism_0	monometallism	ˌmɒnəʊmɛtəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monometallism_0.wav
perineuritis_0	perineuritis	ˌpɛrɪnjʊraɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perineuritis_0.wav
sorted_0	sorted	sɔːtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sorted_0.wav
formalin_0	formalin	fɔːməlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/formalin_0.wav
soyer_0	soyer	sɔɪər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soyer_0.wav
pantdress_0	pantdress	pæntˌdrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pantdress_0.wav
springwood_0	springwood	sprɪŋˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/springwood_0.wav
hoarfrost_0	hoarfrost	hɔːˌfrɒst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoarfrost_0.wav
redemption_0	redemption	rɪdempʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redemption_0.wav
stave_1	stave	steɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stave_1.wav
penicillin_0	penicillin	penɪsɪlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penicillin_0.wav
rooftop_0	rooftop	ruːftɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rooftop_0.wav
stichometry_0	stichometry	stɪkɒmɪtrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stichometry_0.wav
bukharin_0	bukharin	buxarin	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bukharin_0.wav
readily_0	readily	redɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/readily_0.wav
choir_0	choir	kwaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/choir_0.wav
defective_0	defective	dɪfektɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/defective_0.wav
endobiotic_0	endobiotic	ˌɛndəʊbaɪɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endobiotic_0.wav
vee_0	vee	viː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vee_0.wav
dungarees_0	dungarees	dʌŋgəriːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dungarees_0.wav
marvell_0	marvell	mɑːvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marvell_0.wav
boutade_0	boutade	buːtɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boutade_0.wav
turnip_0	turnip	tɜːʳnɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turnip_0.wav
lecithinase_0	lecithinase	ləsɪθɪˌneɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lecithinase_0.wav
dissipated_0	dissipated	dɪsɪpeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissipated_0.wav
josephus_0	josephus	dʒəʊsiːfəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/josephus_0.wav
transpire_0	transpire	trænspaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transpire_0.wav
bindlestiff_0	bindlestiff	bɪndəlˌstɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bindlestiff_0.wav
blockish_0	blockish	blɒkɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blockish_0.wav
nether_0	nether	neðəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nether_0.wav
crimple_0	crimple	krɪmpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crimple_0.wav
willful_0	willful	wɪlfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willful_0.wav
diver_0	diver	daɪvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diver_0.wav
globalization_0	globalization	ˌɡləʊbəlaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/globalization_0.wav
swirly_0	swirly	swɜrli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swirly_0.wav
eudemonia_0	eudemonia	ˌjuːdɪməʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eudemonia_0.wav
mycotrophic_0	mycotrophic	ˌmaɪkəʊtrɒfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mycotrophic_0.wav
beget_0	beget	bɪget	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beget_0.wav
overslaugh_0	overslaugh	əʊvəˌslɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overslaugh_0.wav
alkie_0	alkie	ælki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alkie_0.wav
novena_0	novena	nəʊviːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/novena_0.wav
taxis_0	taxis	tæksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taxis_0.wav
mediumistic_0	mediumistic	ˌmiːdɪəmɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mediumistic_0.wav
lallans_0	lallans	lælənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lallans_0.wav
thatch_0	thatch	θætʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thatch_0.wav
novelistic_0	novelistic	ˌnɒvəlɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/novelistic_0.wav
moniliform_0	moniliform	mɒnɪlɪˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moniliform_0.wav
guinean_0	guinean	ɡɪnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guinean_0.wav
splendour_0	splendour	splendəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splendour_0.wav
glamorous_0	glamorous	glæmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glamorous_0.wav
designated_0	designated	dɛzɪɡˌneɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/designated_0.wav
thrift_1	thrift	θrɪft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrift_1.wav
hypothermia_0	hypothermia	haɪpoʊθɜːʳmiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypothermia_0.wav
dnestr_0	dnestr	dnjɛstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dn/dnestr_0.wav
credentials_1	credentials	krɪdenʃəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/credentials_1.wav
catchment_0	catchment	kætʃmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catchment_0.wav
rouge_0	rouge	ruːʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rouge_0.wav
pamper_0	pamper	pæmpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pamper_0.wav
bloodstain_0	bloodstain	blʌdsteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bloodstain_0.wav
lain_1	lain	leɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lain_1.wav
pitt_0	pitt	pɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pitt_0.wav
nembutal_0	nembutal	nɛmbjʊˌtɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nembutal_0.wav
sherd_1	sherd	ʃɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sherd_1.wav
dukka_0	dukka	dʊkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dukka_0.wav
full-rigged_0	full-rigged	fʊlrɪgd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/full-rigged_0.wav
vulcanology_0	vulcanology	ˌvʌlkənɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulcanology_0.wav
aldoxime_0	aldoxime	ældɒksiːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aldoxime_0.wav
celosia_0	celosia	sələʊsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/celosia_0.wav
spit_0	spit	spɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spit_0.wav
ballcarrier_0	ballcarrier	bɔːlˌkærɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/ballcarrier_0.wav
rocklike_0	rocklike	rɒklaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rocklike_0.wav
kaleidoscope_1	kaleidoscope	kəlaɪdəskoʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kaleidoscope_1.wav
organic_1	organic	ɔːʳgænɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organic_1.wav
reproducer_0	reproducer	ˌriːprədjuːsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reproducer_0.wav
equinumerous_0	equinumerous	ˌiːkwɪnjuːmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equinumerous_0.wav
fight-or-flight_0	fight-or-flight	faɪtɔrflaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fight-or-flight_0.wav
preferable_0	preferable	prefrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preferable_0.wav
loup_0	loup	luː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loup_0.wav
cruiser_0	cruiser	kruːzəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cruiser_0.wav
trimonthly_0	trimonthly	traɪmʌnθlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trimonthly_0.wav
ubiquitarian_0	ubiquitarian	juːˌbɪkwɪtɛərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ub/ubiquitarian_0.wav
klavern_0	klavern	klævən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kl/klavern_0.wav
retch_0	retch	retʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retch_0.wav
libation_0	libation	laɪbeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/libation_0.wav
cardplayer_0	cardplayer	kɑːdˌpleɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardplayer_0.wav
agrarian_0	agrarian	əgreəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agrarian_0.wav
etna_0	etna	ɛtnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etna_0.wav
beset_0	beset	bɪset	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beset_0.wav
connectionism_0	connectionism	kənɛkʃənɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/connectionism_0.wav
zoftig_0	zoftig	zɒftɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zo/zoftig_0.wav
sea_0	sea	siː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sea_0.wav
piezochemistry_0	piezochemistry	paɪˌiːzəʊkɛmɪstrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piezochemistry_0.wav
instil_0	instil	ɪnstɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instil_0.wav
datolite_0	datolite	deɪtəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/datolite_0.wav
belgravia_1	belgravia	bɛlɡreɪvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belgravia_1.wav
geikie_0	geikie	ɡiːkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geikie_0.wav
faceless_0	faceless	feɪsləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faceless_0.wav
shoepac_0	shoepac	ʃuːˌpæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoepac_0.wav
intercounty_0	intercounty	ˌɪntəkaʊntɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intercounty_0.wav
encyclopedia_0	encyclopedia	ɪnsaɪkləpiːdiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encyclopedia_0.wav
langered_0	langered	læŋəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/langered_0.wav
cannes_0	cannes	kæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cannes_0.wav
vestiary_0	vestiary	vɛstɪərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vestiary_0.wav
detoxicate_0	detoxicate	diːtɒksɪˌkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detoxicate_0.wav
journey_0	journey	dʒɜːʳni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/journey_0.wav
grow_1	grow	groʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grow_1.wav
tenant_0	tenant	tenənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tenant_0.wav
laches_0	laches	lætʃɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laches_0.wav
elapse_0	elapse	ɪlæps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elapse_0.wav
kenspeckle_0	kenspeckle	kɛnˌspɛkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kenspeckle_0.wav
toadstone_0	toadstone	təʊdˌstəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toadstone_0.wav
anchorage_0	anchorage	æŋkərɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anchorage_0.wav
anglo-indian_0	anglo-indian	æŋgloʊɪndiən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anglo-indian_0.wav
pawnbroker_0	pawnbroker	pɔːnbroʊkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pawnbroker_0.wav
garfish_0	garfish	ɡɑːˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garfish_0.wav
arthritis_0	arthritis	ɑːʳθraɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arthritis_0.wav
counterscarp_0	counterscarp	kaʊntəˌskɑːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counterscarp_0.wav
pir_0	pir	pir	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pir_0.wav
helvellyn_0	helvellyn	hɛlvɛlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helvellyn_0.wav
cedar_0	cedar	siːdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cedar_0.wav
reclining_0	reclining	rɪklaɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reclining_0.wav
venireman_0	venireman	vɪnaɪərɪmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venireman_0.wav
insipience_0	insipience	ɪnsɪpɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insipience_0.wav
alma-ata_0	alma-ata	ɑlmaata	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alma-ata_0.wav
bigamy_0	bigamy	bɪgəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bigamy_0.wav
guanaco_0	guanaco	ɡwɑːnɑːkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guanaco_0.wav
inherit_0	inherit	ɪnherɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inherit_0.wav
cenobite_0	cenobite	siːnəʊˌbaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cenobite_0.wav
autography_0	autography	ɔːtɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autography_0.wav
metaphysic_0	metaphysic	ˌmɛtəfɪzɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metaphysic_0.wav
peach_1	peach	piːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peach_1.wav
nourishing_0	nourishing	nɜrɪʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nourishing_0.wav
corncob_0	corncob	kɔːnˌkɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corncob_0.wav
mccormack_0	mccormack	məkɔːmæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mc/mccormack_0.wav
twayblade_0	twayblade	tweɪˌbleɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twayblade_0.wav
begird_0	begird	bɪɡɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/begird_0.wav
thrilled_0	thrilled	θrɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrilled_0.wav
aff_0	aff	æf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/aff_0.wav
authoring_0	authoring	ɔːθərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/authoring_0.wav
korean_0	korean	kɔːriːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/korean_0.wav
chesterton_0	chesterton	tʃɛstətən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chesterton_0.wav
chador_0	chador	tʃʌdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chador_0.wav
dissertation_0	dissertation	dɪsəʳteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissertation_0.wav
dog_0	dog	dɔgzˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dog_0.wav
triacetate_0	triacetate	traɪæsɪˌteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triacetate_0.wav
timbering_0	timbering	tɪmbərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timbering_0.wav
bushpig_0	bushpig	bʊʃˌpɪɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bushpig_0.wav
greenkeeper_0	greenkeeper	ɡriːnˌkiːpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenkeeper_0.wav
gyre_0	gyre	dʒaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gy/gyre_0.wav
squeal_1	squeal	skwiːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squeal_1.wav
pocked_1	pocked	pɒkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pocked_1.wav
alack_0	alack	əlæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alack_0.wav
two-pointer_0	two-pointer	ˌtupɔɪntər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/two-pointer_0.wav
crude_0	crude	kruːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crude_0.wav
mitrailleuse_0	mitrailleuse	ˌmɪtraɪɜːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mitrailleuse_0.wav
adequacy_0	adequacy	ædɪkwəsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adequacy_0.wav
maclaurin_0	maclaurin	məklɔːrɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maclaurin_0.wav
rosiner_0	rosiner	rɒzənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rosiner_0.wav
stirling_0	stirling	stɜːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stirling_0.wav
republican_1	republican	rɪpʌblɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/republican_1.wav
gazehound_0	gazehound	ɡeɪzˌhaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gazehound_0.wav
avoidant_0	avoidant	əvɔɪdənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avoidant_0.wav
felid_0	felid	fiːlɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/felid_0.wav
papeete_0	papeete	ˌpɑːpɪiːtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/papeete_0.wav
payout_0	payout	peɪaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/payout_0.wav
approval_0	approval	əpruːvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approval_0.wav
steerageway_0	steerageway	stɪərɪdʒˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/steerageway_0.wav
pollinize_0	pollinize	pɑləˌnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pollinize_0.wav
fetation_0	fetation	fiːteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fetation_0.wav
beatrice_0	beatrice	biətrɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beatrice_0.wav
huipil_0	huipil	wipil	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/huipil_0.wav
looped_0	looped	lupt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/looped_0.wav
legible_0	legible	ledʒɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/legible_0.wav
integral_0	integral	ɪntɪgrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/integral_0.wav
sanscrit_0	sanscrit	sænˌskrɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sanscrit_0.wav
yantai_0	yantai	jæntaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yantai_0.wav
coldstream_0	coldstream	kəʊldˌstriːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coldstream_0.wav
skellum_0	skellum	skɛləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skellum_0.wav
bisect_1	bisect	baɪsekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bisect_1.wav
bravo_0	bravo	brɑːvoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bravo_0.wav
bailment_0	bailment	beɪlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bailment_0.wav
canaan_0	canaan	keɪnən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canaan_0.wav
swordcraft_0	swordcraft	sɔːdˌkrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swordcraft_0.wav
anathema_1	anathema	ənæθəmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anathema_1.wav
rolls-royce_0	rolls-royce	ˌrəʊlzrɔɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rolls-royce_0.wav
rout_1	rout	raʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rout_1.wav
honey-eater_0	honey-eater	hʌnɪˌiːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/honey-eater_0.wav
sandbar_0	sandbar	sændbɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sandbar_0.wav
iliamna_0	iliamna	ˌɪlɪæmnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/iliamna_0.wav
sook_0	sook	sʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sook_0.wav
leaden_0	leaden	ledən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leaden_0.wav
bulky_0	bulky	bʌlki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulky_0.wav
thoracolumbar_0	thoracolumbar	ˌθɔrəkoʊlʌmbər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thoracolumbar_0.wav
buzzsaw_0	buzzsaw	bʌzsɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buzzsaw_0.wav
mosfet_0	mosfet	mɒsfɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mosfet_0.wav
electoral_0	electoral	ɪlektərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electoral_0.wav
nematology_0	nematology	ˌnɛmətɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nematology_0.wav
blessed_0	blessed	blest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blessed_0.wav
diluvialism_0	diluvialism	daɪluːvɪəlɪzm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diluvialism_0.wav
plainsong_0	plainsong	pleɪnˌsɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plainsong_0.wav
exotropia_0	exotropia	ˌɛksətrəʊpɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exotropia_0.wav
tony_0	tony	toʊni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tony_0.wav
shade_0	shade	ʃeɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shade_0.wav
troupe_0	troupe	truːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troupe_0.wav
weighted_0	weighted	weɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weighted_0.wav
stipend_0	stipend	staɪpend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stipend_0.wav
assent_0	assent	əsent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assent_0.wav
sequestrate_0	sequestrate	siːkwestreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sequestrate_0.wav
chimera_0	chimera	kaɪmɪərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chimera_0.wav
perspiration_0	perspiration	pɜːʳspɪreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perspiration_0.wav
plumbicon_0	plumbicon	plʌmbɪˌkɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plumbicon_0.wav
trudgen_0	trudgen	trʌdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trudgen_0.wav
ill-tempered_0	ill-tempered	ɪltɛmpərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/ill-tempered_0.wav
ligula_0	ligula	lɪɡjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/ligula_0.wav
reluctant_1	reluctant	rɪlʌktənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reluctant_1.wav
labefaction_0	labefaction	ˌlæbɪfækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/labefaction_0.wav
retold_0	retold	riːtoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retold_0.wav
blinkered_0	blinkered	blɪŋkəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blinkered_0.wav
caravan_0	caravan	kærəvæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caravan_0.wav
poster_0	poster	poʊstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poster_0.wav
encrust_0	encrust	ɪnkrʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encrust_0.wav
baryton_0	baryton	bærɪˌtəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baryton_0.wav
larder_0	larder	lɑːʳdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/larder_0.wav
wasp_1	wasp	wɒsp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wasp_1.wav
exec_1	exec	ɪgzek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exec_1.wav
centipoise_0	centipoise	sɛntɪˌpɔɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centipoise_0.wav
lav_0	lav	læv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lav_0.wav
tanned_0	tanned	tænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tanned_0.wav
galleon_0	galleon	gæliən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galleon_0.wav
granville_0	granville	ɡrænvɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/granville_0.wav
culpa_0	culpa	kʊlpɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/culpa_0.wav
refiner_0	refiner	rɪfaɪnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/refiner_0.wav
thundercloud_0	thundercloud	θʌndəʳklaʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thundercloud_0.wav
maniac_0	maniac	meɪniæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maniac_0.wav
rachiotomy_0	rachiotomy	ˌreɪkɪɒtəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rachiotomy_0.wav
skody_0	skody	skəʊdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skody_0.wav
shutter_0	shutter	ʃʌtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shutter_0.wav
cig_0	cig	sɪɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cig_0.wav
encephalon_0	encephalon	ɛnsɛfəˌlɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encephalon_0.wav
croydon_0	croydon	krɔɪdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croydon_0.wav
nicias_0	nicias	nɪsɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nicias_0.wav
cane_1	cane	keɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cane_1.wav
spessartite_0	spessartite	spɛsəˌtaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spessartite_0.wav
preterm_0	preterm	ˌpriːtɜːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preterm_0.wav
gamahuche_0	gamahuche	ɡæməˌhuːʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamahuche_0.wav
prairie_0	prairie	preəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prairie_0.wav
trueman_0	trueman	truːmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trueman_0.wav
anaesthetics_0	anaesthetics	ˌænɪsθɛtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaesthetics_0.wav
wigtown_0	wigtown	wɪgtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wigtown_0.wav
temptress_0	temptress	temptrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/temptress_0.wav
intelligencer_0	intelligencer	ɪntɛlɪdʒənsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intelligencer_0.wav
els_0	els	ɛls	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/els_0.wav
splake_0	splake	spleɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splake_0.wav
lappet_0	lappet	læpɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lappet_0.wav
undead_0	undead	ʌndɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undead_0.wav
attendance_0	attendance	ətendəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attendance_0.wav
kalashnikov_0	kalashnikov	kəlæʃnɪkɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kalashnikov_0.wav
ufa_0	ufa	ufa	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/uf/ufa_0.wav
surplus_0	surplus	sɜːʳpləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surplus_0.wav
ess_0	ess	ɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/ess_0.wav
belfry_0	belfry	belfri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belfry_0.wav
autotimer_0	autotimer	ɔːtəʊˌtaɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autotimer_0.wav
theft_1	theft	θeft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theft_1.wav
craic_0	craic	kræk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/craic_0.wav
dawney_0	dawney	dɑːniː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dawney_0.wav
elgon_0	elgon	ɛlɡɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elgon_0.wav
slovenly_0	slovenly	slʌvənli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slovenly_0.wav
thermometry_0	thermometry	θəmɒmɪtrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermometry_0.wav
decorator_0	decorator	dekəreɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decorator_0.wav
gabonese_0	gabonese	ˌɡæbəniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gabonese_0.wav
perfumery_0	perfumery	pəʳfjuːməri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perfumery_0.wav
chelone_0	chelone	kələʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chelone_0.wav
maranta_0	maranta	məræntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maranta_0.wav
miscarry_0	miscarry	mɪskæri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miscarry_0.wav
lamina_0	lamina	læmɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamina_0.wav
siccative_0	siccative	sɪkətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/siccative_0.wav
finite_0	finite	faɪnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finite_0.wav
whites_0	whites	waɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whites_0.wav
grandstanding_0	grandstanding	grændstændɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grandstanding_0.wav
wingover_0	wingover	wɪŋˌəʊvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wingover_0.wav
suspicious_1	suspicious	səspɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suspicious_1.wav
schemie_0	schemie	skiːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schemie_0.wav
clarity_0	clarity	klærɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clarity_0.wav
pronto_0	pronto	prɒntoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pronto_0.wav
graticule_0	graticule	ɡrætɪˌkjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graticule_0.wav
juninho_0	juninho	dʒuːniːnjəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/juninho_0.wav
towards_0	towards	təwɔːdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/towards_0.wav
whatshername_0	whatshername	hwɒtsəʳneɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whatshername_0.wav
itinerant_1	itinerant	aɪtɪnərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/itinerant_1.wav
avast_0	avast	əvɑːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avast_0.wav
tours_0	tours	tur	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tours_0.wav
sepulchral_0	sepulchral	sɪpʌlkrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sepulchral_0.wav
payer_0	payer	peɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/payer_0.wav
hot-tempered_0	hot-tempered	ˌhɒttɛmpəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hot-tempered_0.wav
pyuria_0	pyuria	paɪjʊərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyuria_0.wav
crux_1	crux	krʌks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crux_1.wav
acey-deucey_0	acey-deucey	eɪsidusi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acey-deucey_0.wav
scatteration_0	scatteration	ˌskætəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scatteration_0.wav
kula_0	kula	kuːlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ku/kula_0.wav
epicuticle_0	epicuticle	ɛpɪˌkjuːtɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epicuticle_0.wav
behring_0	behring	beːrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/behring_0.wav
zagazig_0	zagazig	zæɡəˌzɪɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/za/zagazig_0.wav
hemerocallis_0	hemerocallis	ˌhɛmərəʊkælɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemerocallis_0.wav
frontes_0	frontes	frɒntiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frontes_0.wav
h5n1_0	h5n1	eɪtʃˌfaɪvɛnˌwʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/h5/h5n1_0.wav
oversensitive_0	oversensitive	ˌəʊvəsɛnsɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/oversensitive_0.wav
september_0	september	septembəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/september_0.wav
inquisitive_0	inquisitive	ɪnkwɪzɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inquisitive_0.wav
togolese_0	togolese	ˌtəʊɡəliːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/togolese_0.wav
chlorthalidone_0	chlorthalidone	klɔːθælɪdəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chlorthalidone_0.wav
torch_1	torch	tɔːʳtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/torch_1.wav
prepotent_0	prepotent	prɪpəʊtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prepotent_0.wav
weir_1	weir	wɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weir_1.wav
spear_1	spear	spɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spear_1.wav
overdressed_0	overdressed	oʊvəʳdrest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overdressed_0.wav
snuffbox_0	snuffbox	snʌfˌbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snuffbox_0.wav
hyperacidity_0	hyperacidity	ˌhaɪpərəsɪdɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyperacidity_0.wav
chippings_0	chippings	tʃɪpɪŋz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chippings_0.wav
encrusted_1	encrusted	ɪnkrʌstɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encrusted_1.wav
disheartened_0	disheartened	dɪshɑːʳtənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disheartened_0.wav
geotaxis_0	geotaxis	ˌdʒiːəʊtæksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geotaxis_0.wav
aerial_0	aerial	eəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerial_0.wav
capitulary_0	capitulary	kəpɪtjʊlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capitulary_0.wav
bandar_0	bandar	bændɑːr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandar_0.wav
marriner_0	marriner	mærɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marriner_0.wav
ipsus_0	ipsus	ɪpsəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ip/ipsus_0.wav
inseminate_1	inseminate	ɪnsemɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inseminate_1.wav
hypersensitive_0	hypersensitive	haɪpəʳsensɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypersensitive_0.wav
indissoluble_0	indissoluble	ˌɪndɪsɒljʊbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indissoluble_0.wav
lauraceous_0	lauraceous	lɔːreɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lauraceous_0.wav
n_2	n	en	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/n/n_2.wav
cytolysis_0	cytolysis	saɪtɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cytolysis_0.wav
dumbwaiter_0	dumbwaiter	dʌmweɪtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dumbwaiter_0.wav
anaemia_0	anaemia	əniːmiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaemia_0.wav
croustade_0	croustade	kruːstɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croustade_0.wav
responsible_0	responsible	rɪspɒnsɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/responsible_0.wav
shire_1	shire	ʃaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shire_1.wav
unfathomable_0	unfathomable	ʌnfæðəməbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfathomable_0.wav
four-color_0	four-color	fɔrkʌlər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/four-color_0.wav
winslow_0	winslow	wɪnzloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/winslow_0.wav
panty_0	panty	pæntɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panty_0.wav
next_1	next	nekst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/next_1.wav
gumma_0	gumma	ɡʌmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gumma_0.wav
karloff_0	karloff	kɑːlɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/karloff_0.wav
standpoint_0	standpoint	stændpɔɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/standpoint_0.wav
malfeasance_0	malfeasance	mælfiːzəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malfeasance_0.wav
inheritor_0	inheritor	ɪnherɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inheritor_0.wav
schoolfellow_0	schoolfellow	skulˌfɛloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schoolfellow_0.wav
thymol_0	thymol	θaɪmɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thymol_0.wav
drawl_1	drawl	drɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drawl_1.wav
self-liquidating_0	self-liquidating	sɛlflɪkwəˌdeɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-liquidating_0.wav
karnataka_0	karnataka	kənɑːtəkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/karnataka_0.wav
inerasable_0	inerasable	ɪnɪreɪzəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inerasable_0.wav
tack_1	tack	tæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tack_1.wav
extracurricular_0	extracurricular	ekstrəkərɪkjʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extracurricular_0.wav
nilotic_1	nilotic	naɪlɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nilotic_1.wav
remembrance_0	remembrance	rɪmembrəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remembrance_0.wav
foreboding_0	foreboding	fɔːʳboʊdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foreboding_0.wav
glandular_0	glandular	glændʒʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glandular_0.wav
drowsy_0	drowsy	draʊzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drowsy_0.wav
naos_0	naos	neɪɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naos_0.wav
speedster_0	speedster	spiːdstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/speedster_0.wav
evidential_0	evidential	ˌɛvɪdɛnʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evidential_0.wav
adroit_1	adroit	ədrɔɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adroit_1.wav
run_1	run	rʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/run_1.wav
materials_0	materials	mətɪərɪəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/materials_0.wav
blitz_0	blitz	blɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blitz_0.wav
khíos_0	khíos	çiɔs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kh/khíos_0.wav
minority_0	minority	maɪnɒrəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minority_0.wav
precarious_1	precarious	prɪkeəriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precarious_1.wav
benevento_0	benevento	ˌbɛnəvɛntəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/benevento_0.wav
impedor_0	impedor	ɪmpiːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impedor_0.wav
abrasive_1	abrasive	əbreɪsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abrasive_1.wav
gymnastics_0	gymnastics	dʒɪmnæstɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gy/gymnastics_0.wav
vinyl_0	vinyl	vaɪnɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vinyl_0.wav
inly_0	inly	ɪnlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inly_0.wav
bacciform_0	bacciform	bæksɪˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bacciform_0.wav
transact_0	transact	trænzækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transact_0.wav
expertize_0	expertize	ɛkspɜːˌtaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expertize_0.wav
cloture_0	cloture	kləʊtʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cloture_0.wav
protomartyr_0	protomartyr	ˌprəʊtəʊmɑːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protomartyr_0.wav
cash-and-carry_0	cash-and-carry	kæʃənkæri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cash-and-carry_0.wav
fossilize_0	fossilize	fɒsɪlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fossilize_0.wav
goalball_0	goalball	ɡəʊlˌbɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goalball_0.wav
gownsman_0	gownsman	gaʊnzmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gownsman_0.wav
savagery_0	savagery	sævɪdʒri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savagery_0.wav
fetoscope_0	fetoscope	fiːtəʊˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fetoscope_0.wav
velcro_0	velcro	velkroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/velcro_0.wav
systematism_0	systematism	sɪstɪməˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/systematism_0.wav
cottaging_0	cottaging	kɒtɪdʒɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cottaging_0.wav
burlesque_0	burlesque	bɜːʳlesk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burlesque_0.wav
indifferent_1	indifferent	ɪndɪfərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indifferent_1.wav
swallow_0	swallow	swɒloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swallow_0.wav
comodo_0	comodo	kəməʊdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comodo_0.wav
tittup_0	tittup	tɪtəp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tittup_0.wav
paramagnetism_0	paramagnetism	ˌpærəmæɡnɪˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paramagnetism_0.wav
intrapersonal_0	intrapersonal	ˌɪntrəpɜːsənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intrapersonal_0.wav
oxazine_0	oxazine	ɒksəˌziːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxazine_0.wav
proprietorial_0	proprietorial	prəpraɪətɔːriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proprietorial_0.wav
relax_0	relax	rɪlæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relax_0.wav
satisfaction_0	satisfaction	sætɪsfækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/satisfaction_0.wav
hung-wu_0	hung-wu	hʌŋ wuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hung-wu_0.wav
tailed_0	tailed	teɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tailed_0.wav
ordered_0	ordered	ɔːʳdəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ordered_0.wav
tithing_0	tithing	taɪðɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tithing_0.wav
tec_0	tec	tɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tec_0.wav
asunción_0	asunción	asunsjon	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asunción_0.wav
middie_0	middie	mɪdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/middie_0.wav
interception_0	interception	ˌɪntərsɛpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interception_0.wav
endothelium_0	endothelium	ˌɛndəʊθiːlɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endothelium_0.wav
wholesaler_0	wholesaler	hoʊlseɪləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/wholesaler_0.wav
testee_0	testee	tɛstiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/testee_0.wav
bare-knuckle_0	bare-knuckle	bɛrˌnʌkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bare-knuckle_0.wav
kwacha_0	kwacha	kwɑːtʃɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kw/kwacha_0.wav
yedo_0	yedo	jɛˌdoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yedo_0.wav
kohekohe_0	kohekohe	kɒhəkɒhə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kohekohe_0.wav
beadblast_0	beadblast	biːdˌblɑːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beadblast_0.wav
brachytherapy_0	brachytherapy	ˌbrækɪθɛrəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brachytherapy_0.wav
resistivity_0	resistivity	ˌriːzɪstɪvɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resistivity_0.wav
toolset_0	toolset	tuːlˌsɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toolset_0.wav
countrified_0	countrified	kʌntrɪfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/countrified_0.wav
unkenned_0	unkenned	ʌnkɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unkenned_0.wav
scissortail_0	scissortail	sɪzəˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scissortail_0.wav
illustrious_0	illustrious	ɪlʌstriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illustrious_0.wav
electronics_0	electronics	ɪlektrɒnɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electronics_0.wav
cirrhosis_0	cirrhosis	sɪroʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cirrhosis_0.wav
howzit_0	howzit	haʊzɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/howzit_0.wav
bawdyhouse_0	bawdyhouse	bɔːdɪˌhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bawdyhouse_0.wav
nehemiah_0	nehemiah	ˌniːɪmaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nehemiah_0.wav
aldershot_0	aldershot	ɔːldəˌʃɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aldershot_0.wav
capsid_0	capsid	kæpsɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capsid_0.wav
housefly_0	housefly	haʊsˌflaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/housefly_0.wav
unpolluted_0	unpolluted	ʌnpəluːtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unpolluted_0.wav
tomfool_0	tomfool	ˌtɒmfuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tomfool_0.wav
gan_0	gan	ɡæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gan_0.wav
cytosol_0	cytosol	saɪtəʊˌsɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cytosol_0.wav
brant_0	brant	brænt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brant_0.wav
ganof_0	ganof	ɡɑːnəf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/ganof_0.wav
trombone_1	trombone	trɒmboʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trombone_1.wav
androecium_0	androecium	ændriːsɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/androecium_0.wav
rearm_1	rearm	riː ɑːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rearm_1.wav
intercontinental_0	intercontinental	ɪntəʳkɒntɪnentəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intercontinental_0.wav
pisistratus_0	pisistratus	paɪsɪstrətəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pisistratus_0.wav
technophobe_0	technophobe	teknoʊfoʊb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technophobe_0.wav
piolet_0	piolet	pjəʊleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piolet_0.wav
textuary_0	textuary	tɛkstjʊərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/textuary_0.wav
incision_1	incision	ɪnsɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incision_1.wav
qabis_0	qabis	kɑːbɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qa/qabis_0.wav
stickum_0	stickum	stɪkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stickum_0.wav
enoch_0	enoch	iːnɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enoch_0.wav
manned_0	manned	mænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manned_0.wav
extremadura_0	extremadura	estremaðura	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extremadura_0.wav
mortality_1	mortality	mɔːʳtælɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mortality_1.wav
registered_0	registered	redʒɪstəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/registered_0.wav
amid_1	amid	əmɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amid_1.wav
scyphus_0	scyphus	saɪfəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scyphus_0.wav
technique_0	technique	tekniːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technique_0.wav
ingrid_0	ingrid	ɪŋgrɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ingrid_0.wav
oligotrophic_0	oligotrophic	ˌɒlɪɡəʊtrɒfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/oligotrophic_0.wav
agger_0	agger	ædʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agger_0.wav
bicarpellary_0	bicarpellary	ˌbaɪkɑːpɛlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bicarpellary_0.wav
esky_0	esky	ɛskɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/esky_0.wav
clone_1	clone	kloʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clone_1.wav
co-ed_0	co-ed	ˌkəʊɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/co-ed_0.wav
subsume_0	subsume	səbsjuːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subsume_0.wav
gravel-blind_0	gravel-blind	grævəlˌblaɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gravel-blind_0.wav
trim_0	trim	trɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trim_0.wav
heighten_0	heighten	haɪtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heighten_0.wav
tencel_0	tencel	tɛnˌsɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tencel_0.wav
qintar_0	qintar	kɪntɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qi/qintar_0.wav
wonted_0	wonted	wəʊntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wonted_0.wav
etherize_0	etherize	iːθəˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etherize_0.wav
hanse_0	hanse	hæns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hanse_0.wav
short-term_0	short-term	ʃɔrtˌtɜrm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/short-term_0.wav
sufficient_0	sufficient	səfɪʃənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sufficient_0.wav
terreplein_0	terreplein	tɛəˌpleɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terreplein_0.wav
sennacherib_0	sennacherib	sɛnækərɪb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sennacherib_0.wav
animism_0	animism	ænɪˌmɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/animism_0.wav
oxygenator_0	oxygenator	ɒksɪdʒɪˌneɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxygenator_0.wav
ruffe_0	ruffe	rʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/ruffe_0.wav
haeres_0	haeres	hɪəriːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haeres_0.wav
irresolute_1	irresolute	ɪrezəluːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irresolute_1.wav
gussy_0	gussy	gʌsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gussy_0.wav
friese-greene_0	friese-greene	ˌfriːzɡriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/friese-greene_0.wav
mho_0	mho	məʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mh/mho_0.wav
whiny_0	whiny	waɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whiny_0.wav
unsightly_1	unsightly	ʌnsaɪtli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsightly_1.wav
touzle_0	touzle	taʊzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/touzle_0.wav
motored_0	motored	moʊtərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/motored_0.wav
dimercaprol_0	dimercaprol	ˌdaɪməkæprɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dimercaprol_0.wav
eparch_0	eparch	ɛpɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/eparch_0.wav
balmoral_0	balmoral	bælmɒrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/balmoral_0.wav
re-run_0	re-run	riːrʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/re-run_0.wav
maidenly_0	maidenly	meɪdənlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maidenly_0.wav
lecythus_0	lecythus	lɛsɪθəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lecythus_0.wav
devisal_0	devisal	dɪvaɪzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devisal_0.wav
connie_0	connie	kɒnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/connie_0.wav
breezeway_0	breezeway	briːzˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breezeway_0.wav
canadarm_0	canadarm	kænədˌɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canadarm_0.wav
occam_1	occam	ɒkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occam_1.wav
sportsman_0	sportsman	spɔːʳtsmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sportsman_0.wav
it_1	it	ekspɜːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/it_1.wav
divo_0	divo	diːvəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divo_0.wav
maladdress_0	maladdress	ˌmælədrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maladdress_0.wav
rorter_0	rorter	rɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rorter_0.wav
article_0	article	ɑːʳtɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/article_0.wav
alice_0	alice	ælɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alice_0.wav
convolvulaceous_0	convolvulaceous	kənˌvɒlvjʊleɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/convolvulaceous_0.wav
organza_0	organza	ɔːʳgænzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organza_0.wav
tungting_0	tungting	ˌtʊŋtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tungting_0.wav
spell_0	spell	spel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spell_0.wav
rookery_0	rookery	rʊkərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rookery_0.wav
documentation_0	documentation	dɒkjəmenteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/documentation_0.wav
venosity_0	venosity	vɪnɒsɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venosity_0.wav
pouter_0	pouter	paʊtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pouter_0.wav
antagonize_0	antagonize	æntægənaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antagonize_0.wav
biopsy_0	biopsy	baɪɒpsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biopsy_0.wav
deplete_0	deplete	dɪpliːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deplete_0.wav
lyre_1	lyre	laɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lyre_1.wav
autonomics_0	autonomics	ˌɔːtənɒmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autonomics_0.wav
brittle_0	brittle	brɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brittle_0.wav
chromogenic_0	chromogenic	ˌkrəʊmədʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chromogenic_0.wav
smelt_0	smelt	smelt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smelt_0.wav
tarragona_0	tarragona	tarraɣona	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tarragona_0.wav
gammer_0	gammer	ɡæmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gammer_0.wav
severity_0	severity	səvɛrəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/severity_0.wav
kawanatanga_0	kawanatanga	kɑːwɑːnɑːtɑːəŋɡɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kawanatanga_0.wav
potamic_0	potamic	pətæmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potamic_0.wav
wallah_0	wallah	wɒlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wallah_0.wav
tautomerism_0	tautomerism	tɔːtɒməˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tautomerism_0.wav
insatiable_0	insatiable	ɪnseɪʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insatiable_0.wav
urogenous_0	urogenous	jʊrɒdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/urogenous_0.wav
architectural_0	architectural	ɑːʳkɪtektʃərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/architectural_0.wav
indebtedness_0	indebtedness	ɪndɛtɪdnɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indebtedness_0.wav
kythera_0	kythera	kɪθɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ky/kythera_0.wav
cellmate_0	cellmate	selmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cellmate_0.wav
quezon_0	quezon	keɪˌsɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quezon_0.wav
specs_0	specs	speks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/specs_0.wav
franc_1	franc	fræŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/franc_1.wav
fmcg_0	fmcg	ef em siː dʒiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fm/fmcg_0.wav
dozen_0	dozen	dʌzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dozen_0.wav
egalitarian_0	egalitarian	ɪgælɪteəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eg/egalitarian_0.wav
nip_0	nip	nɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nip_0.wav
pilch_0	pilch	pɪltʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pilch_0.wav
alive_0	alive	əlaɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alive_0.wav
collet_0	collet	kɒlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collet_0.wav
notts_0	notts	nɒts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/notts_0.wav
loon_0	loon	luːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loon_0.wav
bourgeoisie_0	bourgeoisie	bʊəʳʒwɑːziː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bourgeoisie_0.wav
pietism_0	pietism	paɪɪˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pietism_0.wav
fork_1	fork	fɔːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fork_1.wav
replacement_0	replacement	rɪpleɪsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/replacement_0.wav
lodgings_0	lodgings	lɒdʒɪŋz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lodgings_0.wav
farmhouse_0	farmhouse	fɑːʳmhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/farmhouse_0.wav
scruffy_0	scruffy	skrʌfi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scruffy_0.wav
ellenborough_0	ellenborough	ɛlənbrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/ellenborough_0.wav
swallowwort_0	swallowwort	swɒləʊˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swallowwort_0.wav
chartography_0	chartography	kɑːtɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chartography_0.wav
soup-to-nuts_0	soup-to-nuts	suptənʌts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soup-to-nuts_0.wav
custody_0	custody	kʌstədi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/custody_0.wav
eugenia_0	eugenia	juːdʒiːnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eugenia_0.wav
activator_0	activator	æktəˌveɪtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/activator_0.wav
crag_0	crag	kræg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crag_0.wav
hag_1	hag	hæg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hag_1.wav
weave_0	weave	wiːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weave_0.wav
dentation_0	dentation	dɛnteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dentation_0.wav
remover_0	remover	rɪmuːvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remover_0.wav
haul_0	haul	hɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haul_0.wav
congratulations_0	congratulations	kəngrætʃʊleɪʃənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/congratulations_0.wav
foreknowledge_1	foreknowledge	fɔːʳnɒlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foreknowledge_1.wav
euphorbiaceous_0	euphorbiaceous	juːˌfɔːbɪeɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euphorbiaceous_0.wav
hereunder_0	hereunder	ˌhɪərʌndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hereunder_0.wav
forward_0	forward	fɔːʳwəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forward_0.wav
goral_0	goral	ɡɔːrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goral_0.wav
hadaway_0	hadaway	ˌhædəweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hadaway_0.wav
self-important_0	self-important	sɛlfɪmpɔrtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-important_0.wav
starry-eyed_0	starry-eyed	stɑriˌɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/starry-eyed_0.wav
furies_0	furies	fjʊərɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furies_0.wav
domesticated_0	domesticated	dəmestɪkeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/domesticated_0.wav
esker_0	esker	ɛskə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/esker_0.wav
comedienne_1	comedienne	kəmiːdien	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comedienne_1.wav
nocturia_0	nocturia	nɒktjʊərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nocturia_0.wav
detestable_0	detestable	dɪtestəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detestable_0.wav
disillusion_0	disillusion	dɪsɪluːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disillusion_0.wav
jewel_0	jewel	dʒuːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jewel_0.wav
stewed_0	stewed	stjuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stewed_0.wav
money_0	money	mʌni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/money_0.wav
erythrite_0	erythrite	ɪrɪθraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erythrite_0.wav
illusionist_1	illusionist	ɪluːʒənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illusionist_1.wav
gestapo_0	gestapo	ɡestɑːpəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gestapo_0.wav
chatterton_0	chatterton	tʃætətən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chatterton_0.wav
nonstick_0	nonstick	nɒnstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonstick_0.wav
adventure_0	adventure	ædventʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adventure_0.wav
nuclide_0	nuclide	njuːklaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nuclide_0.wav
subsequent_0	subsequent	sʌbsɪkwənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subsequent_0.wav
liblab_0	liblab	lɪbˌlæb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liblab_0.wav
ainu_0	ainu	aɪnuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/ainu_0.wav
pneumoencephalogram_0	pneumoencephalogram	ˌnjuːməʊɛnsɛfələˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pn/pneumoencephalogram_0.wav
glandule_0	glandule	ɡlændjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glandule_0.wav
mycetozoan_0	mycetozoan	maɪˌsiːtəʊzəʊən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mycetozoan_0.wav
croaky_0	croaky	kroʊki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croaky_0.wav
dumb_1	dumb	dʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dumb_1.wav
kyle_0	kyle	kaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ky/kyle_0.wav
fieldcraft_0	fieldcraft	fiːldˌkrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fieldcraft_0.wav
lenin_0	lenin	lɛnɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lenin_0.wav
choo-choo_0	choo-choo	tʃuːˌtʃuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/choo-choo_0.wav
off-guard_0	off-guard	ˌɒfɡɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/off-guard_0.wav
subordination_0	subordination	səˌbɔrdəneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subordination_0.wav
send_25	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_25.wav
purificator_0	purificator	pjʊərɪfɪˌkeɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purificator_0.wav
preoccupy_0	preoccupy	priɒkjʊpaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preoccupy_0.wav
martial_0	martial	mɑːʳʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/martial_0.wav
baler_0	baler	beɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baler_0.wav
compensable_0	compensable	kəmpɛnsəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/compensable_0.wav
ultrashort_0	ultrashort	ˌʌltrəʃɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultrashort_0.wav
low_1	low	loʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/low_1.wav
uwist_0	uwist	juːˌwɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/uw/uwist_0.wav
conn_0	conn	kɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conn_0.wav
ooze_1	ooze	uːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oo/ooze_1.wav
interiority_0	interiority	ɪnˌtɪərɪɒrɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interiority_0.wav
decided_0	decided	dɪsaɪdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decided_0.wav
vulgarize_0	vulgarize	vʌlɡəˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulgarize_0.wav
parvis_0	parvis	pɑːvɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parvis_0.wav
garpike_0	garpike	ɡɑːˌpaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garpike_0.wav
southdown_0	southdown	saʊθˌdaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/southdown_0.wav
hyracoid_0	hyracoid	haɪrəˌkɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyracoid_0.wav
allege_0	allege	əledʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/allege_0.wav
meter_0	meter	miːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meter_0.wav
drifty_0	drifty	drɪfti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drifty_0.wav
insensible_0	insensible	ɪnsɛnsəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insensible_0.wav
confucianism_0	confucianism	kənfjuːʃəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confucianism_0.wav
hispanist_0	hispanist	hɪspənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hispanist_0.wav
repast_0	repast	rɪpɑːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repast_0.wav
assistive_0	assistive	əsɪstɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assistive_0.wav
technic_0	technic	tɛkniːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technic_0.wav
karyotin_0	karyotin	ˌkærɪəʊtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/karyotin_0.wav
tobacco_1	tobacco	təbækoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tobacco_1.wav
digged_0	digged	dɪɡd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digged_0.wav
regardful_0	regardful	rɪɡɑːdfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/regardful_0.wav
vamp_1	vamp	væmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vamp_1.wav
forster_0	forster	fɔːstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forster_0.wav
iconostasis_0	iconostasis	ˌaɪkəʊnɒstəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/iconostasis_0.wav
itinerary_0	itinerary	aɪtɪnərəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/itinerary_0.wav
kampuchea_0	kampuchea	ˌkæmpʊtʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kampuchea_0.wav
crib_0	crib	krɪb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crib_0.wav
crown_0	crown	kraʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crown_0.wav
jump_0	jump	dʒʌmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jump_0.wav
syncategorematic_0	syncategorematic	sɪnˌkætəˌɡɔːrəmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syncategorematic_0.wav
irrelievable_0	irrelievable	ˌɪrɪliːvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irrelievable_0.wav
scarabaeoid_0	scarabaeoid	ˌskærəbiːɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scarabaeoid_0.wav
carnation_1	carnation	kɑːʳneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carnation_1.wav
megalocephaly_0	megalocephaly	ˌmɛɡələʊsɛfəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megalocephaly_0.wav
sedgwick_0	sedgwick	sɛdʒwɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sedgwick_0.wav
memoirist_0	memoirist	mɛmˌwɑrɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/memoirist_0.wav
frizzy_0	frizzy	frɪzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frizzy_0.wav
pleiades_0	pleiades	plaɪəˌdiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pleiades_0.wav
born_0	born	bɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/born_0.wav
ecdysis_0	ecdysis	ɛkdɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/ecdysis_0.wav
almshouse_0	almshouse	ɑːmzhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/almshouse_0.wav
judicious_1	judicious	dʒuːdɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/judicious_1.wav
bast_0	bast	bæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bast_0.wav
euthyroid_0	euthyroid	juːθaɪrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euthyroid_0.wav
begad_0	begad	bɪɡæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/begad_0.wav
prefect_0	prefect	priːfekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prefect_0.wav
tanta_0	tanta	tæntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tanta_0.wav
nasarawa_0	nasarawa	nəsɑːrəwə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nasarawa_0.wav
abject_0	abject	æbdʒekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abject_0.wav
entire_0	entire	ɪntaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entire_0.wav
frontogenesis_0	frontogenesis	ˌfrʌntəʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frontogenesis_0.wav
fretful_0	fretful	fretfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fretful_0.wav
brew_0	brew	bruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brew_0.wav
handler_0	handler	hændləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handler_0.wav
racerunner_0	racerunner	reɪsˌrʌnər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/racerunner_0.wav
fought_1	fought	fɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fought_1.wav
poland_0	poland	pəʊlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poland_0.wav
sleeve_0	sleeve	sliːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/sleeve_0.wav
mo-tzu_0	mo-tzu	məʊtsuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mo-tzu_0.wav
catesby_0	catesby	keɪtzbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catesby_0.wav
banquo_0	banquo	bæŋkwoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/banquo_0.wav
dumbo_0	dumbo	dʌmbəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dumbo_0.wav
relaid_0	relaid	riːleɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relaid_0.wav
melodica_0	melodica	mɪlɒdɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/melodica_0.wav
swabia_0	swabia	sweɪbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swabia_0.wav
spyware_0	spyware	spaɪweəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spyware_0.wav
buzzword_0	buzzword	bʌzwɜːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buzzword_0.wav
gamebreaker_0	gamebreaker	ɡeɪmˌbreɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamebreaker_0.wav
heliogravure_0	heliogravure	ˌhiːlɪəʊɡrəvjʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heliogravure_0.wav
heddle_0	heddle	hɛdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heddle_0.wav
dissimulate_0	dissimulate	dɪsɪmjʊleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissimulate_0.wav
pomp_1	pomp	pɒmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pomp_1.wav
fellini_0	fellini	fɛlliːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fellini_0.wav
reforestation_1	reforestation	riːfɒrɪsteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reforestation_1.wav
tower_0	tower	taʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tower_0.wav
sprat_0	sprat	spræt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprat_0.wav
dispersal_1	dispersal	dɪspɜːʳsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dispersal_1.wav
sulfinyl_0	sulfinyl	sʌlfəˌnɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulfinyl_0.wav
prolocutor_0	prolocutor	prəʊlɒkjʊtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prolocutor_0.wav
merge_1	merge	mɜːʳdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/merge_1.wav
whenwe_0	whenwe	wɛnwiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whenwe_0.wav
essequibo_0	essequibo	ˌɛsɪkwiːbəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/essequibo_0.wav
inflexion_1	inflexion	ɪnflekʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inflexion_1.wav
coparcener_0	coparcener	kəʊpɑːsɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coparcener_0.wav
neogothic_0	neogothic	ˌniːəʊɡɒθɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neogothic_0.wav
cyclohexanone_0	cyclohexanone	ˌsaɪkləʊhɛksəˌnəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cyclohexanone_0.wav
ringworm_0	ringworm	rɪŋwɜːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ringworm_0.wav
coolidge_0	coolidge	kuːlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coolidge_0.wav
half-sole_0	half-sole	hæfˌsoʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/half-sole_0.wav
playgoer_0	playgoer	pleɪˌɡəʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/playgoer_0.wav
epiphany_0	epiphany	ɪpɪfəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epiphany_0.wav
solicitous_1	solicitous	səlɪsɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solicitous_1.wav
fungal_0	fungal	fʌŋgəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fungal_0.wav
kremenchug_0	kremenchug	krɪmɪntʃuk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kr/kremenchug_0.wav
frise_0	frise	friːzeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frise_0.wav
hygrophyte_0	hygrophyte	haɪɡrəˌfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hygrophyte_0.wav
subsistence_0	subsistence	səbsɪstəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subsistence_0.wav
fénelon_0	fénelon	fenlɔ̃	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fé/fénelon_0.wav
hemorrhoidectomy_0	hemorrhoidectomy	ˌhɛmərˌɔɪdɛktəˌmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemorrhoidectomy_0.wav
caltech_0	caltech	kælˌtɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caltech_0.wav
paraplanner_0	paraplanner	ˌpærəplænə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paraplanner_0.wav
shend_0	shend	ʃɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shend_0.wav
alecost_0	alecost	eɪlˌkɒst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alecost_0.wav
ballute_0	ballute	bæljuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/ballute_0.wav
clove_0	clove	kloʊv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clove_0.wav
arcane_0	arcane	ɑːʳkeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arcane_0.wav
athlete_0	athlete	æθliːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athlete_0.wav
silvan_0	silvan	sɪlvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/silvan_0.wav
denote_0	denote	dɪnoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denote_0.wav
inception_0	inception	ɪnsepʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inception_0.wav
bolshy_0	bolshy	bɒlʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bolshy_0.wav
dasypaedal_0	dasypaedal	ˌdæsɪpiːdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dasypaedal_0.wav
chuck_0	chuck	tʃʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chuck_0.wav
caesarean_1	caesarean	sɪzeəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caesarean_1.wav
polonium_0	polonium	pələʊnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polonium_0.wav
seral_0	seral	sɪərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seral_0.wav
lade_0	lade	leɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lade_0.wav
amboceptor_0	amboceptor	æmbəʊˌsɛptə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amboceptor_0.wav
parisyllabic_0	parisyllabic	ˌpærɪsɪlæbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parisyllabic_0.wav
cressida_0	cressida	krɛsɪdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cressida_0.wav
luxurious_0	luxurious	lʌgʒʊəriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/luxurious_0.wav
afterguard_0	afterguard	ɑːftəˌɡɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/afterguard_0.wav
accountable_0	accountable	əkaʊntəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accountable_0.wav
discrepancy_1	discrepancy	dɪskrepənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discrepancy_1.wav
equation_1	equation	ɪkweɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equation_1.wav
grewsome_0	grewsome	ɡruːsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grewsome_0.wav
semblable_0	semblable	sɛmbləbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semblable_0.wav
prevent_0	prevent	prɪvent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prevent_0.wav
halesowen_0	halesowen	heɪlzəʊɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/halesowen_0.wav
context_0	context	kɒntekst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/context_0.wav
foulbrood_0	foulbrood	faʊlˌbruːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foulbrood_0.wav
cluster_0	cluster	klʌstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cluster_0.wav
evaporimeter_0	evaporimeter	ɪˌvæpərɪmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evaporimeter_0.wav
antihelix_0	antihelix	ˌæntɪhiːlɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antihelix_0.wav
sterilizer_0	sterilizer	stɛrɪˌlaɪzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/sterilizer_0.wav
skiascopy_0	skiascopy	skaɪæskəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skiascopy_0.wav
bluet_0	bluet	bluːɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bluet_0.wav
blackfin_0	blackfin	blækˌfɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackfin_0.wav
transfusion_0	transfusion	trænsfjuːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transfusion_0.wav
lexeme_0	lexeme	lɛksiːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lexeme_0.wav
erupt_0	erupt	ɪrʌpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erupt_0.wav
oviparous_0	oviparous	əʊvɪpərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/oviparous_0.wav
parkin_0	parkin	pɑːkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parkin_0.wav
trollope_0	trollope	trɒləp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trollope_0.wav
danseuse_0	danseuse	dɑ̃søz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/danseuse_0.wav
idiolect_0	idiolect	ɪdɪəˌlɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idiolect_0.wav
nothingness_0	nothingness	nʌθɪŋnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nothingness_0.wav
hypermedia_0	hypermedia	haɪpəˌmiːdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypermedia_0.wav
fend_1	fend	fend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fend_1.wav
lydian_0	lydian	lɪdɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lydian_0.wav
araxes_0	araxes	əræksiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/araxes_0.wav
lubricity_0	lubricity	luːbrɪsɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lubricity_0.wav
zein_0	zein	ziːɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zein_0.wav
stabile_0	stabile	steɪbaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stabile_0.wav
opisthobranch_0	opisthobranch	əpɪsθəˌbræŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opisthobranch_0.wav
semireligious_0	semireligious	ˌsɛmɪrɪlɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semireligious_0.wav
faux_0	faux	fəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faux_0.wav
eurydice_1	eurydice	jʊrɪdɪsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/eurydice_1.wav
exclude_0	exclude	ɪkskluːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exclude_0.wav
pose_0	pose	poʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pose_0.wav
phototopography_0	phototopography	ˌfəʊtəʊtəpɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phototopography_0.wav
squishy_0	squishy	skwɪʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squishy_0.wav
museveni_0	museveni	ˌmʊsəveɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/museveni_0.wav
2,4,5-t_0	2,4,5-t	ˌtuːˌfɔːˌfaɪvtiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/2,/2,4,5-t_0.wav
foundry_0	foundry	faʊndri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foundry_0.wav
arafat_0	arafat	ærəfæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arafat_0.wav
wounded_0	wounded	wuːndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wounded_0.wav
telex_0	telex	teleks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telex_0.wav
crooked_0	crooked	krʊkɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crooked_0.wav
yep_1	yep	jep	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yep_1.wav
organophosphate_0	organophosphate	ɔːgænoʊfɒsfeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organophosphate_0.wav
derring-do_0	derring-do	derɪŋ duː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/derring-do_0.wav
beantown_0	beantown	binˌtaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beantown_0.wav
furth_0	furth	fʌrθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furth_0.wav
abdias_0	abdias	æbdaɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abdias_0.wav
troubleshooter_0	troubleshooter	trʌbəlʃuːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troubleshooter_0.wav
indubitably_1	indubitably	ɪndjuːbɪtəblɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indubitably_1.wav
meh_1	meh	me	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meh_1.wav
peculiarly_0	peculiarly	pɪkjuːliəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peculiarly_0.wav
poultry_0	poultry	poʊltri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poultry_0.wav
shareware_0	shareware	ʃeəʳweəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shareware_0.wav
pulsation_0	pulsation	pʌlseɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pulsation_0.wav
rean_0	rean	riːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rean_0.wav
domestic_1	domestic	dəmestɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/domestic_1.wav
eyecup_0	eyecup	aɪˌkʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyecup_0.wav
jumna_0	jumna	dʒʌmnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jumna_0.wav
gloom_0	gloom	gluːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/gloom_0.wav
lithesome_0	lithesome	laɪðsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lithesome_0.wav
cinnamon_0	cinnamon	sɪnəmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinnamon_0.wav
clearwing_0	clearwing	klɪəˌwɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clearwing_0.wav
whetstone_0	whetstone	hwetstoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whetstone_0.wav
ytterbia_0	ytterbia	ɪtɜːbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yt/ytterbia_0.wav
bunya-bunya_0	bunya-bunya	bʌnjəbʌnjə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bunya-bunya_0.wav
haptotropism_0	haptotropism	ˌhæptəʊtrəʊpɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haptotropism_0.wav
cursed_0	cursed	kɜːʳst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cursed_0.wav
presentism_0	presentism	prɛzəntɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presentism_0.wav
page_1	page	peɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/page_1.wav
incapacity_0	incapacity	ɪnkəpæsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incapacity_0.wav
anthropomorphic_0	anthropomorphic	ænθrəpəmɔːʳfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthropomorphic_0.wav
chokebore_0	chokebore	tʃəʊkˌbɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chokebore_0.wav
noctule_0	noctule	nɒktjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/noctule_0.wav
pedigree_0	pedigree	pedɪgriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pedigree_0.wav
autotoxaemia_0	autotoxaemia	ˌɔːtəʊtɒksiːmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autotoxaemia_0.wav
mizoguchi_0	mizoguchi	ˌmiːtsəɡuːtʃɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mizoguchi_0.wav
divination_0	divination	dɪvɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divination_0.wav
leap_1	leap	liːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leap_1.wav
chital_0	chital	tʃiːtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chital_0.wav
washboard_0	washboard	wɒʃˌbɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/washboard_0.wav
nomenclature_0	nomenclature	nəʊmeŋklətʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nomenclature_0.wav
prestidigitation_0	prestidigitation	ˌprɛstɪˌdɪdʒɪteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prestidigitation_0.wav
inescutcheon_0	inescutcheon	ˌɪnɪskʌtʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inescutcheon_0.wav
knell_1	knell	nɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knell_1.wav
pinetum_0	pinetum	paɪniːtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinetum_0.wav
archbishopric_0	archbishopric	ɑːtʃbɪʃəprɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archbishopric_0.wav
eigenfrequency_0	eigenfrequency	aɪɡənˌfriːkwənsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eigenfrequency_0.wav
eventide_0	eventide	iːvənˌtaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/eventide_0.wav
holon_0	holon	həʊlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holon_0.wav
telesurgery_0	telesurgery	ˌtɛlɪsɜːdʒərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telesurgery_0.wav
ibn-rushd_0	ibn-rushd	ˌɪbənrʊʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ib/ibn-rushd_0.wav
dated_0	dated	deɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dated_0.wav
pointless_0	pointless	pɔɪntləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pointless_0.wav
umpirage_0	umpirage	ʌmˌpaɪrɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/um/umpirage_0.wav
ignominy_0	ignominy	ɪgnəmɪni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ig/ignominy_0.wav
olefin_0	olefin	oʊləfɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/olefin_0.wav
djakarta_0	djakarta	dʒəkɑːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dj/djakarta_0.wav
infra_0	infra	ɪnfrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infra_0.wav
overvalue_0	overvalue	oʊvəʳvæljuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overvalue_0.wav
embargo_1	embargo	ɪmbɑːʳgoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embargo_1.wav
bespectacled_0	bespectacled	bɪspektəkəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bespectacled_0.wav
prioress_0	prioress	praɪəres	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prioress_0.wav
westie_0	westie	wɛstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/westie_0.wav
gamecock_0	gamecock	ɡeɪmˌkɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamecock_0.wav
toward_0	toward	tɔrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toward_0.wav
fidelity_0	fidelity	fɪdelɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fidelity_0.wav
nagging_0	nagging	nægɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nagging_0.wav
cranky_0	cranky	kræŋki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cranky_0.wav
close-knit_0	close-knit	kloʊs nɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/close-knit_0.wav
arterial_1	arterial	ɑːʳtɪəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arterial_1.wav
aggravation_0	aggravation	ˌægrəveɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aggravation_0.wav
medical_0	medical	medɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medical_0.wav
coagulum_0	coagulum	kəʊæɡjʊləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coagulum_0.wav
schwa_0	schwa	ʃwɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schwa_0.wav
agonizing_0	agonizing	ægənaɪzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agonizing_0.wav
amyl_0	amyl	æmɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amyl_0.wav
predate_0	predate	priːdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/predate_0.wav
snakebit_0	snakebit	sneɪkˌbɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snakebit_0.wav
baldy_0	baldy	bɔːldi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baldy_0.wav
jackeen_0	jackeen	dʒækiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jackeen_0.wav
tef_0	tef	tɛf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tef_0.wav
athletic_1	athletic	æθletɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athletic_1.wav
muralist_0	muralist	mjʊrəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muralist_0.wav
preoccupy_1	preoccupy	priɒkjʊpaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preoccupy_1.wav
flu_0	flu	fluː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flu_0.wav
non-com_0	non-com	nɒnˌkɒm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/non-com_0.wav
gayal_0	gayal	ɡəjæl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gayal_0.wav
delocalize_0	delocalize	diːləʊkəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/delocalize_0.wav
derail_0	derail	diːreɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/derail_0.wav
bandsaw_0	bandsaw	bændsɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandsaw_0.wav
distance_0	distance	dɪstəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/distance_0.wav
razzle-dazzle_0	razzle-dazzle	ræzəl dæzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/razzle-dazzle_0.wav
sugarcoat_0	sugarcoat	ʃʊgərˌkoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sugarcoat_0.wav
munter_0	munter	mʌntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/munter_0.wav
panic-stricken_0	panic-stricken	pænɪkˌstrɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panic-stricken_0.wav
brainstorm_0	brainstorm	breɪnstɔːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brainstorm_0.wav
half-cell_0	half-cell	hæfˌsɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/half-cell_0.wav
rizal_0	rizal	riθal	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rizal_0.wav
vault_0	vault	vɔːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vault_0.wav
bedbug_0	bedbug	bedbʌg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedbug_0.wav
transcalent_0	transcalent	trænskeɪlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transcalent_0.wav
bedevil_1	bedevil	bɪdevəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedevil_1.wav
baritone_0	baritone	bærɪtoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baritone_0.wav
medicalize_0	medicalize	mɛdɪkəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medicalize_0.wav
hostility_1	hostility	hɒstɪlɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hostility_1.wav
cycleway_0	cycleway	saɪkəlweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cycleway_0.wav
dalasi_0	dalasi	dəlɑːsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dalasi_0.wav
surplusage_0	surplusage	sɜːpləsɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surplusage_0.wav
raze_0	raze	reɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/raze_0.wav
winston-salem_0	winston-salem	wɪnstənseɪləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/winston-salem_0.wav
owe_1	owe	oʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ow/owe_1.wav
beninese_0	beninese	ˌbɛniːniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beninese_0.wav
mailbox_0	mailbox	meɪlbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mailbox_0.wav
moveable_0	moveable	muːvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moveable_0.wav
thence_1	thence	ðens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thence_1.wav
lurk_0	lurk	lɜːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lurk_0.wav
chur_0	chur	tʃɜː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chur_0.wav
hairpin_0	hairpin	heəʳpɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hairpin_0.wav
toea_0	toea	təʊɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toea_0.wav
nae_0	nae	neɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nae_0.wav
vinification_0	vinification	ˌvɪnɪfɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vinification_0.wav
phasor_0	phasor	feɪzɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phasor_0.wav
reformatory_0	reformatory	rɪfɔːmətəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reformatory_0.wav
vilipend_0	vilipend	vɪlɪˌpɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vilipend_0.wav
butterworth_0	butterworth	bʌtəwəθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/butterworth_0.wav
nitrate_0	nitrate	naɪtreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nitrate_0.wav
seoul_0	seoul	səʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seoul_0.wav
hermaphrodite_1	hermaphrodite	hɜːʳmæfrədaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hermaphrodite_1.wav
foliaged_0	foliaged	foʊliɪdʒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foliaged_0.wav
stoor_0	stoor	stuːr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stoor_0.wav
recourse_0	recourse	rɪkɔːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recourse_0.wav
dactyl_0	dactyl	dæktɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dactyl_0.wav
thickhead_0	thickhead	θɪkˌhɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thickhead_0.wav
hoick_1	hoick	hɔɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoick_1.wav
millstream_0	millstream	mɪlˌstriːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/millstream_0.wav
ogle_0	ogle	oʊgəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/og/ogle_0.wav
surrebutter_0	surrebutter	ˌsɜːrɪbʌtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surrebutter_0.wav
attention_0	attention	ətenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attention_0.wav
sourveld_0	sourveld	saʊəˌfɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sourveld_0.wav
acton_0	acton	æktən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acton_0.wav
grillion_0	grillion	ɡrɪljən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grillion_0.wav
unresponsive_0	unresponsive	ʌnrɪspɒnsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unresponsive_0.wav
sikhism_0	sikhism	siːkɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sikhism_0.wav
velure_0	velure	vəlʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/velure_0.wav
bolt-on_0	bolt-on	boʊlt ɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bolt-on_0.wav
uvb_0	uvb	juvibi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/uv/uvb_0.wav
transpiration_0	transpiration	trɑnspɪreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transpiration_0.wav
grid_1	grid	grɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grid_1.wav
frame-up_0	frame-up	freɪmˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frame-up_0.wav
splint_1	splint	splɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splint_1.wav
doolie_0	doolie	duːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doolie_0.wav
tractor-trailer_0	tractor-trailer	ˌtræktətreɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tractor-trailer_0.wav
porch_1	porch	pɔːʳtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/porch_1.wav
neat_0	neat	nitsˌfʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neat_0.wav
equal_0	equal	iːkwəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equal_0.wav
casease_0	casease	keɪsɪˌeɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/casease_0.wav
ashlar_0	ashlar	æʃlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ashlar_0.wav
bristle_0	bristle	brɪsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bristle_0.wav
dezful_0	dezful	dɛzful	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dezful_0.wav
hiragana_0	hiragana	ˌhɪərəɡɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hiragana_0.wav
rightabout-face_0	rightabout-face	raɪtəˌbaʊtfeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rightabout-face_0.wav
kohlrabi_1	kohlrabi	koʊlrɑːbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kohlrabi_1.wav
lewes_0	lewes	luːɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lewes_0.wav
cowes_0	cowes	kaʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cowes_0.wav
chilean_0	chilean	tʃɪlɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chilean_0.wav
townhome_0	townhome	taʊnhoʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/townhome_0.wav
pensionary_0	pensionary	pɛnʃənərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pensionary_0.wav
migrant_0	migrant	maɪgrənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/migrant_0.wav
goth_0	goth	ɡɒθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goth_0.wav
courser_0	courser	kɔːsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/courser_0.wav
eid-ul-adha_0	eid-ul-adha	iːdʊlˌɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eid-ul-adha_0.wav
algicide_0	algicide	ældʒɪˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/algicide_0.wav
reaction_0	reaction	riækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reaction_0.wav
helicopter_0	helicopter	helikɒptəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helicopter_0.wav
mist_1	mist	mɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mist_1.wav
offensive_0	offensive	əfensɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/offensive_0.wav
skeg_0	skeg	skɛɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skeg_0.wav
modifier_0	modifier	mɒdɪfaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/modifier_0.wav
transmissivity_0	transmissivity	ˌtrænzmɪsɪvɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transmissivity_0.wav
amaurosis_0	amaurosis	ˌæmɔːrəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amaurosis_0.wav
chickadee_0	chickadee	tʃɪkədi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chickadee_0.wav
untread_0	untread	ʌntrɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/untread_0.wav
breast-feed_0	breast-feed	brɛstˌfid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breast-feed_0.wav
backslapping_0	backslapping	bækslæpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backslapping_0.wav
sarcocarp_0	sarcocarp	sɑːkəʊˌkɑːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sarcocarp_0.wav
flamingo_1	flamingo	fləmɪŋgoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flamingo_1.wav
sob_1	sob	sɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sob_1.wav
physiocrat_0	physiocrat	fɪzɪəʊˌkræt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/physiocrat_0.wav
bobolink_0	bobolink	bɒbəˌlɪŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bobolink_0.wav
hand-wringing_0	hand-wringing	hændˌrɪŋɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hand-wringing_0.wav
unionization_0	unionization	juːnjənaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unionization_0.wav
superhumeral_0	superhumeral	ˌsuːpəhjuːmərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superhumeral_0.wav
ramada_0	ramada	rəmɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ramada_0.wav
whacky_0	whacky	hwæki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whacky_0.wav
getting_0	getting	getɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/getting_0.wav
wee_0	wee	wiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wee_0.wav
trope_1	trope	trəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trope_1.wav
phrasing_0	phrasing	freɪzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phrasing_0.wav
murk_0	murk	mɜːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/murk_0.wav
exempt_0	exempt	ɪgzempt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exempt_0.wav
instigator_0	instigator	ɪnstɪgeɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instigator_0.wav
bristol_0	bristol	brɪstəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bristol_0.wav
edge_1	edge	edʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/edge_1.wav
grimaldi_0	grimaldi	ɡrɪmɔːldɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grimaldi_0.wav
helmet_0	helmet	helmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helmet_0.wav
agog_0	agog	əgɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agog_0.wav
fareham_0	fareham	fɛərəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fareham_0.wav
rogue_1	rogue	roʊg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rogue_1.wav
drone_0	drone	droʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drone_0.wav
coetaneous_0	coetaneous	ˌkəʊɪteɪnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coetaneous_0.wav
paradrop_0	paradrop	pærəˌdrɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paradrop_0.wav
pancake_0	pancake	pænkeɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pancake_0.wav
agamogony_0	agamogony	ˌæɡəmɒɡənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agamogony_0.wav
thermogenesis_0	thermogenesis	ˌθɜːməʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermogenesis_0.wav
snide_0	snide	snaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snide_0.wav
ingredient_0	ingredient	ɪngriːdiənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ingredient_0.wav
sycamore_0	sycamore	sɪkəmɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/sycamore_0.wav
ostensive_0	ostensive	ɒstɛnsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ostensive_0.wav
unbounded_1	unbounded	ʌnbaʊndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unbounded_1.wav
dissent_0	dissent	dɪsent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissent_0.wav
whiskey_0	whiskey	hwɪski	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whiskey_0.wav
grunge_1	grunge	grʌndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grunge_1.wav
gironny_0	gironny	dʒaɪrɒnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gironny_0.wav
boastful_0	boastful	boʊstfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boastful_0.wav
slammer_0	slammer	slæməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slammer_0.wav
stockbrokerage_0	stockbrokerage	stɑkˌbroʊkərɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stockbrokerage_0.wav
digestive_1	digestive	daɪdʒestɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digestive_1.wav
unexpurgated_1	unexpurgated	ʌnɛkspəˌɡeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unexpurgated_1.wav
switchboard_0	switchboard	swɪtʃbɔːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/switchboard_0.wav
ropery_0	ropery	rəʊpərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/ropery_0.wav
disarm_0	disarm	dɪsɑːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disarm_0.wav
participial_0	participial	pɑːʳtɪsɪpiəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/participial_0.wav
coact_0	coact	kəʊækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coact_0.wav
shapiro_0	shapiro	ʃəpiːrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shapiro_0.wav
gibbous_0	gibbous	ɡɪbəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gibbous_0.wav
houting_0	houting	haʊtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/houting_0.wav
alluvial_0	alluvial	əluːviəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alluvial_0.wav
bindi_0	bindi	bɪndɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bindi_0.wav
omit_1	omit	oʊmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/om/omit_1.wav
phagedena_0	phagedena	ˌfædʒədinə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phagedena_0.wav
lespedeza_0	lespedeza	ˌlɛspɪdiːzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lespedeza_0.wav
trimester_0	trimester	traɪmɛstər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trimester_0.wav
valentine_1	valentine	væləntaɪnz deɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valentine_1.wav
handy_0	handy	hændi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handy_0.wav
evangelist_1	evangelist	ɪvændʒəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evangelist_1.wav
chamber_0	chamber	tʃeɪmbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chamber_0.wav
acclamation_0	acclamation	ækləmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acclamation_0.wav
redpoll_0	redpoll	rɛdˌpɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redpoll_0.wav
adnominal_0	adnominal	ədnɒmɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adnominal_0.wav
indecisive_0	indecisive	ɪndɪsaɪsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indecisive_0.wav
globefish_0	globefish	ɡləʊbˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/globefish_0.wav
loach_0	loach	ləʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loach_0.wav
bifilar_0	bifilar	baɪfaɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bifilar_0.wav
stepladder_0	stepladder	steplædəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stepladder_0.wav
adornment_1	adornment	ədɔːʳnmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adornment_1.wav
appalling_0	appalling	əpɔːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appalling_0.wav
cruel_0	cruel	kruːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cruel_0.wav
argumentative_0	argumentative	ɑːʳgjʊmentətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/argumentative_0.wav
whoops_1	whoops	hwʊps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whoops_1.wav
skean_0	skean	skiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skean_0.wav
institutionalism_0	institutionalism	ˌɪnstɪtjuːʃənəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/institutionalism_0.wav
luther_0	luther	luːθə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/luther_0.wav
selectee_0	selectee	sɪˌlɛktiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/selectee_0.wav
domestic_0	domestic	dəmestɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/domestic_0.wav
multiwindow_0	multiwindow	ˌmʌltɪwɪndəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multiwindow_0.wav
approximation_1	approximation	əprɒksɪmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approximation_1.wav
madge_0	madge	mædʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madge_0.wav
lordship_0	lordship	lɔːʳdʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lordship_0.wav
soft_0	soft	sɒft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soft_0.wav
query_0	query	kwɪəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/query_0.wav
faisalabad_0	faisalabad	faɪʒɑːləˌbɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faisalabad_0.wav
gunnar_0	gunnar	ɡʊnɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunnar_0.wav
re-chip_0	re-chip	riːtʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/re-chip_0.wav
lengthways_0	lengthways	leŋθweɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lengthways_0.wav
snog_0	snog	snɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snog_0.wav
ambroid_0	ambroid	æmbrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ambroid_0.wav
medal_0	medal	medəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medal_0.wav
faustian_0	faustian	faʊstɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faustian_0.wav
gremlin_0	gremlin	gremlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gremlin_0.wav
tirade_0	tirade	taɪreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tirade_0.wav
anthrax_0	anthrax	ænθræks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthrax_0.wav
kurt_0	kurt	kɜrt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ku/kurt_0.wav
dyspareunia_0	dyspareunia	ˌdɪspəruːnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dy/dyspareunia_0.wav
irradiance_0	irradiance	ɪreɪdɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irradiance_0.wav
nestle_0	nestle	nesəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nestle_0.wav
mintage_0	mintage	mɪntɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mintage_0.wav
mixture_0	mixture	mɪkstʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mixture_0.wav
porcupine_0	porcupine	pɔːʳkjʊpaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/porcupine_0.wav
amorphous_1	amorphous	əmɔːʳfəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amorphous_1.wav
cybersquatting_0	cybersquatting	saɪbəʳskwɒtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cybersquatting_0.wav
modernist_0	modernist	mɒdəʳnɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/modernist_0.wav
morganite_0	morganite	mɔːɡəˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morganite_0.wav
bottle-green_0	bottle-green	ˌbɒtəlɡriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bottle-green_0.wav
ulama_0	ulama	uːlɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ulama_0.wav
cinematographer_0	cinematographer	sɪnɪmətɒgrəfəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinematographer_0.wav
counterglow_0	counterglow	kaʊntəˌɡləʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counterglow_0.wav
iqaluit_0	iqaluit	ɪkælʊɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/iq/iqaluit_0.wav
pharyngotomy_0	pharyngotomy	ˌfærɪŋɡɒtəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/pharyngotomy_0.wav
levellers_0	levellers	lɛvələz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/levellers_0.wav
tortoni_0	tortoni	tɔːtəʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tortoni_0.wav
violate_0	violate	vaɪəleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/violate_0.wav
inferiority_0	inferiority	ɪnˌfɪəriɒrəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inferiority_0.wav
destructo_0	destructo	dɪstrʌktəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/destructo_0.wav
apprehension_0	apprehension	æprɪhenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apprehension_0.wav
mahjong_0	mahjong	ˌmɑːdʒɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mahjong_0.wav
monroe_0	monroe	mənrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monroe_0.wav
tutti_0	tutti	tʊtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tutti_0.wav
presentment_0	presentment	prɪzɛntmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presentment_0.wav
malacology_0	malacology	ˌmæləkɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malacology_0.wav
uncommonly_1	uncommonly	ʌnkɒmənlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncommonly_1.wav
perseveration_0	perseveration	pɜːˌsɛvəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perseveration_0.wav
used_0	used	juːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/us/used_0.wav
shitfaced_0	shitfaced	ʃɪtˌfeɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shitfaced_0.wav
footwear_0	footwear	fʊtweəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footwear_0.wav
brazen_0	brazen	breɪzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brazen_0.wav
insecticide_1	insecticide	ɪnsektɪsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insecticide_1.wav
metaphase_0	metaphase	mɛtəˌfeɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metaphase_0.wav
cockeye_0	cockeye	kɒkˌaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cockeye_0.wav
jute_0	jute	dʒuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jute_0.wav
ditsy_0	ditsy	dɪtsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/ditsy_0.wav
burned-out_0	burned-out	ˌbɜːndaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burned-out_0.wav
schnapper_0	schnapper	ʃnæpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schnapper_0.wav
pebble_0	pebble	pebəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pebble_0.wav
curtesy_0	curtesy	kɜːtəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curtesy_0.wav
hudson_0	hudson	hʌdsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hudson_0.wav
westmeath_0	westmeath	ˌwɛstmiːð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/westmeath_0.wav
booner_0	booner	buːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/booner_0.wav
antimonarchist_0	antimonarchist	ˌæntɪmɒnəkɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antimonarchist_0.wav
culver_0	culver	kʌlvəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/culver_0.wav
springfield_0	springfield	sprɪŋˌfiːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/springfield_0.wav
countercheck_0	countercheck	kaʊntəˌtʃɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/countercheck_0.wav
sinfonia_0	sinfonia	ˌsɪnfənɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sinfonia_0.wav
morello_0	morello	mərɛləʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morello_0.wav
pachuco_0	pachuco	pətʃuːkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pachuco_0.wav
irreligious_0	irreligious	ɪrɪlɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irreligious_0.wav
piece_0	piece	piːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piece_0.wav
novelist_0	novelist	nɒvəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/novelist_0.wav
plumbum_0	plumbum	plʌmbəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plumbum_0.wav
eyen_0	eyen	aɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyen_0.wav
designation_0	designation	dezɪgneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/designation_0.wav
megalomania_0	megalomania	megələmeɪniə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megalomania_0.wav
highlife_0	highlife	haɪˌlaɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/highlife_0.wav
ratha_0	ratha	rʌtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ratha_0.wav
peccant_0	peccant	pɛkənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peccant_0.wav
wardship_0	wardship	wɔːdʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wardship_0.wav
dactylic_0	dactylic	dæktɪlɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dactylic_0.wav
mcjob_0	mcjob	məkdʒɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mc/mcjob_0.wav
broadcloth_0	broadcloth	brɔːdˌklɒθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broadcloth_0.wav
panjandrum_0	panjandrum	pændʒændrəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panjandrum_0.wav
disfavor_0	disfavor	dɪsfeɪvər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disfavor_0.wav
eldo_0	eldo	ɛldəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/eldo_0.wav
coast_0	coast	koʊst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coast_0.wav
forejudge_0	forejudge	fɔːdʒʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forejudge_0.wav
graveside_0	graveside	greɪvsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graveside_0.wav
perron_0	perron	pɛrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perron_0.wav
blackleg_0	blackleg	blæklɛɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackleg_0.wav
suitable_0	suitable	suːtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suitable_0.wav
mouth_0	mouth	maʊθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mouth_0.wav
ruru_0	ruru	ruːruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/ruru_0.wav
precipitate_1	precipitate	prɪsɪpəteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precipitate_1.wav
immitigable_0	immitigable	ɪmɪtɪɡəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immitigable_0.wav
chaffer_0	chaffer	tʃæfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chaffer_0.wav
send_7	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_7.wav
timaru_0	timaru	tɪməˌruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timaru_0.wav
molokai_0	molokai	ˌməʊləʊkɑːɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molokai_0.wav
elderberry_0	elderberry	eldəʳberi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elderberry_0.wav
hath_1	hath	hæθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hath_1.wav
rechargeable_0	rechargeable	riːtʃɑːʳdʒəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rechargeable_0.wav
cab_1	cab	kæb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cab_1.wav
slav_1	slav	slɑːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slav_1.wav
pyrosulphate_0	pyrosulphate	ˌpaɪrəʊsʌlfeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyrosulphate_0.wav
servant_0	servant	sɜːʳvənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/servant_0.wav
conceptual_0	conceptual	kənseptʃuəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conceptual_0.wav
khuskhus_0	khuskhus	kʊskʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kh/khuskhus_0.wav
engird_0	engird	ɪnɡɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/engird_0.wav
sesquialtera_0	sesquialtera	ˌsɛskwɪæltərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sesquialtera_0.wav
vocab_0	vocab	vəʊkæb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vocab_0.wav
lateralization_0	lateralization	ˌlætərəlaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lateralization_0.wav
odds_1	odds	ɒdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/od/odds_1.wav
email_0	email	iːmeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/email_0.wav
operate_0	operate	ɒpəreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/operate_0.wav
disselboom_0	disselboom	dɪsəlˌbʊəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disselboom_0.wav
viscacha_0	viscacha	vɪskætʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viscacha_0.wav
silkie_0	silkie	sɪlkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/silkie_0.wav
octans_0	octans	ɒktænz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/octans_0.wav
churchy_0	churchy	tʃɜːtʃɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/churchy_0.wav
khartoum_0	khartoum	kɑːtuːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kh/khartoum_0.wav
recovery_1	recovery	rɪkʌvəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recovery_1.wav
misting_0	misting	mɪstɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misting_0.wav
fulfilment_0	fulfilment	fʊlfɪlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fulfilment_0.wav
provender_0	provender	prɒvɪndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/provender_0.wav
graze_1	graze	greɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graze_1.wav
mona_0	mona	məʊnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mona_0.wav
dyspraxia_1	dyspraxia	dɪspræksɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dy/dyspraxia_1.wav
yibin_0	yibin	jiːbɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yi/yibin_0.wav
inextinguishable_0	inextinguishable	ˌɪnɪkstɪŋɡwɪʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inextinguishable_0.wav
acrylics_0	acrylics	əkrɪlɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acrylics_0.wav
entanglement_0	entanglement	ɪntæŋgəlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entanglement_0.wav
defender_0	defender	dɪfendəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/defender_0.wav
hog-tie_0	hog-tie	hɔgtaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hog-tie_0.wav
rural_0	rural	rʊərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rural_0.wav
dealt_1	dealt	delt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dealt_1.wav
oglethorpe_0	oglethorpe	əʊɡəlˌθɔːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/og/oglethorpe_0.wav
turbosupercharger_0	turbosupercharger	ˌtɜːbəʊsuːpəˌtʃɑːdʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turbosupercharger_0.wav
abdelkader_0	abdelkader	ˌæbdʊlkɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abdelkader_0.wav
blind_0	blind	blaɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blind_0.wav
stockade_0	stockade	stɒkeɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stockade_0.wav
self-made_0	self-made	sɛlfmeɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-made_0.wav
parachute_0	parachute	pærəʃuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parachute_0.wav
emerge_0	emerge	ɪmɜːʳdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emerge_0.wav
animater_0	animater	ænɪˌmeɪtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/animater_0.wav
qawwali_0	qawwali	kəvɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qa/qawwali_0.wav
sculptured_0	sculptured	skʌlptʃəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/sculptured_0.wav
avaricious_0	avaricious	ævərɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avaricious_0.wav
marketplace_0	marketplace	mɑːʳkɪtpleɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marketplace_0.wav
mbaqanga_0	mbaqanga	əmbɑːkæŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mb/mbaqanga_0.wav
repechage_0	repechage	ˌrɛpɪʃɑːʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repechage_0.wav
attic_0	attic	ætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attic_0.wav
gang_1	gang	gæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gang_1.wav
stannary_0	stannary	stænərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stannary_0.wav
health_0	health	helθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/health_0.wav
arabis_0	arabis	ærəbɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arabis_0.wav
sikorski_0	sikorski	sɪkɔːskiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sikorski_0.wav
louisiana_0	louisiana	luːˌiːzɪænə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/louisiana_0.wav
atheism_0	atheism	eɪθiɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atheism_0.wav
pashm_0	pashm	pæʃəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pashm_0.wav
upbraid_1	upbraid	ʌpbreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upbraid_1.wav
baculum_0	baculum	bækjʊləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baculum_0.wav
afterbody_0	afterbody	ɑːftəˌbɒdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/afterbody_0.wav
call_0	call	kɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/call_0.wav
néthou_0	néthou	neɪtu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/né/néthou_0.wav
cautery_0	cautery	kɔːtərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cautery_0.wav
child-care_0	child-care	tʃaɪldˌkɛr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/child-care_0.wav
paleolithic_0	paleolithic	ˌpælɪəʊlɪθɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paleolithic_0.wav
europhilia_0	europhilia	ˌjʊərəʊfɪlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/europhilia_0.wav
formulary_0	formulary	fɔːmjʊlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/formulary_0.wav
watercraft_0	watercraft	wɔːtəˌkrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/watercraft_0.wav
unrounded_0	unrounded	ʌnraʊndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unrounded_0.wav
ballerina_0	ballerina	bæləriːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/ballerina_0.wav
inefficient_0	inefficient	ɪnɪfɪʃənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inefficient_0.wav
well-appointed_0	well-appointed	ˌwɛləpɔɪntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-appointed_0.wav
causal_0	causal	kɔːzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/causal_0.wav
efface_0	efface	ɪfeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/efface_0.wav
segregationist_0	segregationist	segrɪgeɪʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/segregationist_0.wav
devote_0	devote	dɪvoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devote_0.wav
whoosh_0	whoosh	wʊʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whoosh_0.wav
elusive_1	elusive	ɪluːsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elusive_1.wav
propitiate_0	propitiate	prəpɪʃieɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propitiate_0.wav
aquatic_0	aquatic	əkwætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aq/aquatic_0.wav
faddy_0	faddy	fædi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faddy_0.wav
desnood_0	desnood	diːsnuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/desnood_0.wav
cambium_0	cambium	kæmbɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cambium_0.wav
secondee_0	secondee	səˌkɒndiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/secondee_0.wav
bellamy_0	bellamy	bɛləmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bellamy_0.wav
incumbent_1	incumbent	ɪnkʌmbənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incumbent_1.wav
synoecious_0	synoecious	sɪniːʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synoecious_0.wav
backswept_0	backswept	bækˌswɛpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backswept_0.wav
bur_1	bur	bɜr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bur_1.wav
elliptical_1	elliptical	ɪlɪptɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elliptical_1.wav
lustring_0	lustring	lʌstrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lustring_0.wav
jurisconsult_0	jurisconsult	ˌdʒʊərɪskɒnsʌlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jurisconsult_0.wav
turnpike_0	turnpike	tɜːʳnpaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turnpike_0.wav
antifungal_0	antifungal	ˌæntɪfʌŋɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antifungal_0.wav
consett_0	consett	kɒnsɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consett_0.wav
lappish_0	lappish	læpɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lappish_0.wav
enterogastrone_0	enterogastrone	ˌɛntərəʊɡæstrəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enterogastrone_0.wav
scarper_0	scarper	skɑːʳpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scarper_0.wav
guam_0	guam	ɡwɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guam_0.wav
fume_1	fume	fjuːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fume_1.wav
beget_1	beget	bɪget	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beget_1.wav
doco_0	doco	dɒkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doco_0.wav
minibike_0	minibike	mɪnɪˌbaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minibike_0.wav
cent_0	cent	sent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cent_0.wav
tyche_0	tyche	taɪkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tyche_0.wav
gob_1	gob	gɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gob_1.wav
connell_0	connell	kɒnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/connell_0.wav
hovea_0	hovea	həʊvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hovea_0.wav
ovel_0	ovel	ɒvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/ovel_0.wav
waller_0	waller	wɒlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waller_0.wav
electroluminescence_0	electroluminescence	ɪˌlɛktrəʊˌluːmɪnɛsəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electroluminescence_0.wav
cham_0	cham	kæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cham_0.wav
paced_0	paced	peɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paced_0.wav
linter_0	linter	lɪntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/linter_0.wav
febrifuge_0	febrifuge	fɛbrɪˌfjuːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/febrifuge_0.wav
cheers_0	cheers	tʃɪəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheers_0.wav
aluminate_0	aluminate	əluːmɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aluminate_0.wav
acrobat_0	acrobat	ækrəbæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acrobat_0.wav
mid-size_0	mid-size	mɪdˌsaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mid-size_0.wav
school_1	school	skuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/school_1.wav
columbous_0	columbous	kəlʌmbəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/columbous_0.wav
grooming_0	grooming	gruːmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grooming_0.wav
jericho_0	jericho	dʒɛrɪˌkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jericho_0.wav
trigonometry_0	trigonometry	trɪgənɒmɪtri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trigonometry_0.wav
cilicia_0	cilicia	sɪlɪʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cilicia_0.wav
nonofficial_0	nonofficial	ˌnɒnəfɪʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonofficial_0.wav
impetrate_0	impetrate	ɪmpɪˌtreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impetrate_0.wav
tierce_0	tierce	tɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tierce_0.wav
outspread_0	outspread	ˌaʊtsprɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outspread_0.wav
basophil_0	basophil	beɪsəfɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basophil_0.wav
biff_1	biff	bɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biff_1.wav
xiangtan_0	xiangtan	ʃjɑːŋtɑːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xi/xiangtan_0.wav
well-hung_0	well-hung	wɛlhʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-hung_0.wav
gif_1	gif	gɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gif_1.wav
energy_0	energy	enəʳdʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/energy_0.wav
fantoosh_0	fantoosh	fæntuːʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fantoosh_0.wav
micro-credit_0	micro-credit	maɪkrəʊˌkrɛdɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/micro-credit_0.wav
hard-shell_0	hard-shell	hɑrdˌʃɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hard-shell_0.wav
potential_1	potential	pətenʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potential_1.wav
vinblastine_0	vinblastine	vɪnblæstiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vinblastine_0.wav
northwest_0	northwest	nɔrθwɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/northwest_0.wav
drily_0	drily	draɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drily_0.wav
biotope_0	biotope	baɪəˌtəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biotope_0.wav
oncost_0	oncost	ɒnˌkɒst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/oncost_0.wav
understrapper_0	understrapper	ʌndəˌstræpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/understrapper_0.wav
morgen_0	morgen	mɔːɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morgen_0.wav
three-quarter_0	three-quarter	θrikwɔrtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/three-quarter_0.wav
dismember_1	dismember	dɪsmembəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dismember_1.wav
illuviation_0	illuviation	ɪˌluːvɪeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illuviation_0.wav
detention_1	detention	dɪtenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detention_1.wav
willy_0	willy	wɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willy_0.wav
rathskeller_0	rathskeller	rɑːtsˌkɛlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rathskeller_0.wav
oenophile_0	oenophile	iːnəˌfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oe/oenophile_0.wav
russki_0	russki	rʌski	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/russki_0.wav
purr_0	purr	pɜːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purr_0.wav
effector_0	effector	ɪfɛktə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effector_0.wav
executioner_0	executioner	eksɪkjuːʃənəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/executioner_0.wav
depolarize_0	depolarize	diːpəʊləˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/depolarize_0.wav
dethrone_1	dethrone	diːθroʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dethrone_1.wav
j_1	j	dʒeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/j/j_1.wav
oakum_0	oakum	əʊkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oakum_0.wav
self-feeding_0	self-feeding	sɛlffidɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-feeding_0.wav
aleatoric_0	aleatoric	ˌeɪliətɔrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aleatoric_0.wav
transalpine_0	transalpine	trænzælpaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transalpine_0.wav
yale_0	yale	jeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yale_0.wav
isospondylous_0	isospondylous	ˌaɪsəspɒndələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isospondylous_0.wav
zechin_0	zechin	zɛkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zechin_0.wav
plethoric_0	plethoric	pləθɔrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plethoric_0.wav
duro_0	duro	dʊərəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duro_0.wav
predicator_0	predicator	prɛdɪˌkeɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/predicator_0.wav
bentonite_0	bentonite	bɛntəˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bentonite_0.wav
direful_0	direful	daɪəfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/direful_0.wav
goiás_0	goiás	ɡɔjas	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goiás_0.wav
optimize_0	optimize	ɒptɪmaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/optimize_0.wav
disqualify_0	disqualify	dɪskwɒlɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disqualify_0.wav
bananas_1	bananas	bənɑːnəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bananas_1.wav
flighty_0	flighty	flaɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flighty_0.wav
heaped_1	heaped	hiːpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heaped_1.wav
hylophagous_0	hylophagous	haɪlɒfəɡəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hylophagous_0.wav
hairless_0	hairless	heəʳləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hairless_0.wav
winnipegger_0	winnipegger	wɪnɪˌpɛɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/winnipegger_0.wav
hiemal_0	hiemal	haɪəməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hiemal_0.wav
surrealistic_1	surrealistic	səriːəlɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surrealistic_1.wav
arthrodia_0	arthrodia	ɑːθrəʊdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arthrodia_0.wav
seropositive_0	seropositive	ˌsɪərəʊpɔzɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seropositive_0.wav
hayfork_0	hayfork	heɪˌfɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hayfork_0.wav
inopportune_0	inopportune	ɪnɒpətjuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inopportune_0.wav
ryswick_0	ryswick	rɪzwɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ry/ryswick_0.wav
nib_0	nib	nɪb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nib_0.wav
phanerozoic_0	phanerozoic	ˌfænərəzəʊɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phanerozoic_0.wav
retinol_0	retinol	rɛtɪˌnɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retinol_0.wav
quick-freeze_0	quick-freeze	kwɪkfriz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quick-freeze_0.wav
indemonstrable_0	indemonstrable	ˌɪndɪmɒnstrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indemonstrable_0.wav
finchley_0	finchley	fɪntʃlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finchley_0.wav
farthingale_0	farthingale	fɑːðɪŋˌɡeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/farthingale_0.wav
coenobite_0	coenobite	siːnəʊˌbaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coenobite_0.wav
aylward_0	aylward	eɪlwəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ay/aylward_0.wav
opium_0	opium	oʊpiəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opium_0.wav
kittle_0	kittle	kɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kittle_0.wav
glassine_0	glassine	ɡlæsiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glassine_0.wav
granulite_0	granulite	ɡrænjʊˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/granulite_0.wav
acadian_0	acadian	əkeɪdɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acadian_0.wav
senescent_1	senescent	sɪnɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/senescent_1.wav
nonsporting_0	nonsporting	nɒnspɔːtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonsporting_0.wav
writing_0	writing	raɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/writing_0.wav
deschool_0	deschool	ˌdiːskuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deschool_0.wav
upstanding_1	upstanding	ʌpstændɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upstanding_1.wav
swacked_0	swacked	swækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swacked_0.wav
kier_0	kier	kɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kier_0.wav
dustman_0	dustman	dʌstmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dustman_0.wav
shott_0	shott	ʃɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shott_0.wav
chloramine_0	chloramine	klɔːrəˌmiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chloramine_0.wav
guzzler_0	guzzler	ɡʌzlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guzzler_0.wav
gogo_0	gogo	ɡɒɡɒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gogo_0.wav
smote_1	smote	smoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smote_1.wav
beelzebub_0	beelzebub	bɪɛlzɪˌbʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beelzebub_0.wav
lease-back_0	lease-back	lisˌbæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lease-back_0.wav
autogenous_0	autogenous	ɔːtɒdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autogenous_0.wav
sypher_0	sypher	saɪfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/sypher_0.wav
whopping_0	whopping	hwɒpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whopping_0.wav
cambrel_0	cambrel	kæmbrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cambrel_0.wav
workpiece_0	workpiece	wɜːkˌpiːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/workpiece_0.wav
fenton_0	fenton	fɛntən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fenton_0.wav
hayseed_0	hayseed	heɪˌsiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hayseed_0.wav
panzootic_0	panzootic	ˌpænzəʊɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panzootic_0.wav
decked_0	decked	dɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decked_0.wav
peke_0	peke	piːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peke_0.wav
rheobase_0	rheobase	riːəʊˌbeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rheobase_0.wav
uncorrupted_0	uncorrupted	ˌʌnkərʌptɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncorrupted_0.wav
stratford-upon-avon_0	stratford-upon-avon	strætfərd əpɑn eɪvɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stratford-upon-avon_0.wav
salvific_0	salvific	sælvɪfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salvific_0.wav
lanark_0	lanark	lænərk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lanark_0.wav
phaseout_0	phaseout	feɪzˌaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phaseout_0.wav
bosch_0	bosch	bɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bosch_0.wav
dissolution_0	dissolution	dɪsəluːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dissolution_0.wav
crime_0	crime	kraɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crime_0.wav
conceited_1	conceited	kənsiːtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conceited_1.wav
ministry_0	ministry	mɪnɪstri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/ministry_0.wav
favour_0	favour	feɪvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/favour_0.wav
vahine_0	vahine	vɑːhiːneɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vahine_0.wav
relaxant_0	relaxant	rɪlæksənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relaxant_0.wav
botvinnik_0	botvinnik	bɒtvɪnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/botvinnik_0.wav
goal_1	goal	goʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goal_1.wav
hearse_1	hearse	hɜːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hearse_1.wav
bleachers_0	bleachers	bliːtʃəʳz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bleachers_0.wav
base_1	base	beɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/base_1.wav
misbelieve_0	misbelieve	ˌmɪsbɪliːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misbelieve_0.wav
thisbe_0	thisbe	θɪzbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thisbe_0.wav
thurrock_0	thurrock	θʌrək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thurrock_0.wav
moulding_0	moulding	moʊldɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moulding_0.wav
clever_0	clever	klevəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clever_0.wav
earthen_0	earthen	ɜːʳðən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/earthen_0.wav
pr_0	pr	piː ɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pr_0.wav
marl_1	marl	mɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marl_1.wav
cambodia_0	cambodia	kæmbəʊdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cambodia_0.wav
counterattraction_0	counterattraction	kaʊntərəˌtrækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counterattraction_0.wav
intercalate_0	intercalate	ɪntɜːkəˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intercalate_0.wav
pathbreaking_0	pathbreaking	pæθˌbreɪkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pathbreaking_0.wav
o-ring_0	o-ring	oʊˌrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/o-/o-ring_0.wav
bakery_0	bakery	beɪkəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bakery_0.wav
outsold_0	outsold	aʊtsoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outsold_0.wav
gomuti_0	gomuti	ɡəmuːtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gomuti_0.wav
platitudinize_0	platitudinize	ˌplætɪtjuːdɪˌnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/platitudinize_0.wav
basw_0	basw	bæzwə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basw_0.wav
cenacle_0	cenacle	sɛnəkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cenacle_0.wav
tabuli_0	tabuli	təbuli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tabuli_0.wav
yo_0	yo	joʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/yo_0.wav
opinion_0	opinion	əpɪnjən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opinion_0.wav
comradery_0	comradery	kɒmrædərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comradery_0.wav
spritzer_0	spritzer	sprɪtsəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spritzer_0.wav
berried_0	berried	bɛrid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berried_0.wav
jakobson_0	jakobson	jɑːkəbsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jakobson_0.wav
orpine_0	orpine	ɔːpaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orpine_0.wav
shaly_0	shaly	ʃeɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shaly_0.wav
rudbeckia_0	rudbeckia	rʌdbɛkɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rudbeckia_0.wav
biennial_1	biennial	baɪeniəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biennial_1.wav
sibiu_0	sibiu	sibiu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sibiu_0.wav
wart_1	wart	wɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wart_1.wav
guildhall_0	guildhall	gɪldhɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guildhall_0.wav
rhabdomyoma_0	rhabdomyoma	ˌræbdəʊmaɪəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhabdomyoma_0.wav
talker_0	talker	tɔːkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/talker_0.wav
sneery_0	sneery	snɪərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/sneery_0.wav
schoolhouse_0	schoolhouse	skuːlhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schoolhouse_0.wav
caffeinated_0	caffeinated	kæfɪˌneɪtəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caffeinated_0.wav
self-righteous_0	self-righteous	sɛlfraɪtʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-righteous_0.wav
zonation_0	zonation	zəʊneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zo/zonation_0.wav
funereal_0	funereal	fjuːnɪəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/funereal_0.wav
repeal_0	repeal	rɪpiːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repeal_0.wav
astonished_0	astonished	əstɒnɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astonished_0.wav
antigone_1	antigone	æntɪɡənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antigone_1.wav
low-test_0	low-test	loʊˌtɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/low-test_0.wav
ovine_0	ovine	əʊvaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/ovine_0.wav
twitcher_0	twitcher	twɪtʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twitcher_0.wav
browse_0	browse	braʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/browse_0.wav
metathesis_0	metathesis	mɪtæθəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metathesis_0.wav
italia_0	italia	itaːlja	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/italia_0.wav
opt_0	opt	ɒpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opt_0.wav
panties_0	panties	pæntiz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panties_0.wav
nish_0	nish	nɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nish_0.wav
frontolysis_0	frontolysis	frʌntɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frontolysis_0.wav
maltha_0	maltha	mælθə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maltha_0.wav
biggish_0	biggish	bɪgɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biggish_0.wav
guards_0	guards	ɡɑːdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guards_0.wav
voiced_0	voiced	vɔɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voiced_0.wav
hung_1	hung	hʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hung_1.wav
restrictive_0	restrictive	rɪstrɪktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/restrictive_0.wav
curricular_0	curricular	kərɪkjələ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curricular_0.wav
montfort_0	montfort	mɒntfət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/montfort_0.wav
pectate_0	pectate	pɛkteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pectate_0.wav
jactation_0	jactation	dʒækteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jactation_0.wav
inauthentic_0	inauthentic	ɪnɔːθentɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inauthentic_0.wav
byte_0	byte	baɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/by/byte_0.wav
mend_0	mend	mend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mend_0.wav
hepatitis_0	hepatitis	hepətaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hepatitis_0.wav
hologamous_0	hologamous	hoʊlɑgəməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hologamous_0.wav
sow_1	sow	soʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sow_1.wav
autocatalysis_0	autocatalysis	ˌɔːtəʊkətælɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autocatalysis_0.wav
inch_1	inch	ɪntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inch_1.wav
buxton_0	buxton	bʌkstən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buxton_0.wav
extremely_1	extremely	ɪkstriːmli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extremely_1.wav
tangly_0	tangly	tæŋgli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tangly_0.wav
fluttery_0	fluttery	flʌtərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluttery_0.wav
evasion_0	evasion	ɪveɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evasion_0.wav
instrumentalism_0	instrumentalism	ˌɪnstrəmɛntəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instrumentalism_0.wav
parkinson_1	parkinson	pɑrkɪnsənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parkinson_1.wav
ductwork_0	ductwork	dʌktˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/ductwork_0.wav
smidgen_0	smidgen	smɪdʒɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smidgen_0.wav
elevate_0	elevate	elɪveɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elevate_0.wav
merseyside_0	merseyside	mɜːzɪˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/merseyside_0.wav
muleta_0	muleta	mjuːlɛtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muleta_0.wav
illusion_0	illusion	ɪluːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illusion_0.wav
reborn_1	reborn	riːbɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reborn_1.wav
transeunt_0	transeunt	trænsɪənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transeunt_0.wav
lamblike_0	lamblike	læmˌlaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamblike_0.wav
uncovered_0	uncovered	ʌnkʌvəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncovered_0.wav
therewithal_0	therewithal	ˌðɛrwɪθɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/therewithal_0.wav
tranship_0	tranship	trænʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tranship_0.wav
sunup_0	sunup	sʌnʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sunup_0.wav
thoroughwort_0	thoroughwort	θʌrəˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thoroughwort_0.wav
appalled_1	appalled	əpɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appalled_1.wav
predicament_1	predicament	prɪdɪkəmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/predicament_1.wav
cochabamba_0	cochabamba	kotʃaβamba	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cochabamba_0.wav
gasoline_0	gasoline	gæsəliːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gasoline_0.wav
affreightment_0	affreightment	əfreɪtmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affreightment_0.wav
wac_0	wac	wæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wac_0.wav
biocenosis_0	biocenosis	ˌbaɪoʊsɪnoʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biocenosis_0.wav
heathen_0	heathen	hiːðən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heathen_0.wav
banksman_0	banksman	bæŋksmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/banksman_0.wav
circe_0	circe	sɜːsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/circe_0.wav
choate_0	choate	tʃoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/choate_0.wav
echinate_0	echinate	ɛkɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/echinate_0.wav
ametabolic_0	ametabolic	əˌmɛtəbɒlɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ametabolic_0.wav
lumberjacket_0	lumberjacket	lʌmbəˌdʒækɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lumberjacket_0.wav
dowden_0	dowden	daʊdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dowden_0.wav
naturalistic_0	naturalistic	nætʃərəlɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naturalistic_0.wav
stein_0	stein	staɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stein_0.wav
malediction_0	malediction	ˌmælɪdɪkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malediction_0.wav
biggie_0	biggie	bɪgi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biggie_0.wav
landholder_0	landholder	lændˌhoʊldər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/landholder_0.wav
megass_0	megass	məɡæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megass_0.wav
receptacle_0	receptacle	rɪseptɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/receptacle_0.wav
posh_1	posh	pɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/posh_1.wav
unwieldy_1	unwieldy	ʌnwiːldi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unwieldy_1.wav
ribonucleotide_0	ribonucleotide	ˌraɪbəʊnjuːklɪəˌtaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ribonucleotide_0.wav
distortion_0	distortion	dɪstɔːʳʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/distortion_0.wav
cordwain_0	cordwain	kɔːdˌweɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cordwain_0.wav
needlestick_0	needlestick	niːdəlˌstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/needlestick_0.wav
impedimenta_0	impedimenta	ɪmˌpɛdɪmɛntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impedimenta_0.wav
parainfluenza_0	parainfluenza	ˌpærəˌɪnfluɛnzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parainfluenza_0.wav
serosa_0	serosa	sɪrəʊsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serosa_0.wav
heterogenous_0	heterogenous	ˌhɛtərɒdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heterogenous_0.wav
soliloquy_1	soliloquy	səlɪləkwi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soliloquy_1.wav
peptic_0	peptic	pɛptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peptic_0.wav
zhu_0	zhu	dʒu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zh/zhu_0.wav
leitrim_0	leitrim	liːtrɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leitrim_0.wav
triable_0	triable	traɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triable_0.wav
triumphant_0	triumphant	traɪʌmfənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triumphant_0.wav
bombard_0	bombard	bɒmbɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bombard_0.wav
heelpost_0	heelpost	hiːlˌpəʊst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heelpost_0.wav
penghu_0	penghu	pɛŋhuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penghu_0.wav
traditionalism_1	traditionalism	trədɪʃənəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/traditionalism_1.wav
jiangsu_0	jiangsu	dʒjæŋsuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jiangsu_0.wav
outsider_0	outsider	aʊtsaɪdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outsider_0.wav
erect_0	erect	ɪrekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erect_0.wav
skinless_0	skinless	skɪnləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skinless_0.wav
flush_0	flush	flʌʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flush_0.wav
kissagram_0	kissagram	kɪsəˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kissagram_0.wav
safety_0	safety	seɪfti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/safety_0.wav
meningococcus_0	meningococcus	mɛˌnɪŋɡəʊkɒkəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meningococcus_0.wav
adapt_1	adapt	ədæpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adapt_1.wav
lidocaine_0	lidocaine	laɪdəˌkeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lidocaine_0.wav
cirriform_0	cirriform	sɪrɪfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cirriform_0.wav
dependant_0	dependant	dɪpendənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dependant_0.wav
reft_0	reft	rɛft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reft_0.wav
pugilism_0	pugilism	pjuːdʒɪˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pugilism_0.wav
rockefeller_0	rockefeller	rɒkəˌfɛlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rockefeller_0.wav
cristobalite_0	cristobalite	krɪstəʊbəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cristobalite_0.wav
hackles_0	hackles	hækəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hackles_0.wav
sneakers_0	sneakers	sniːkəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/sneakers_0.wav
mulhacén_0	mulhacén	mulaθen	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mulhacén_0.wav
garbology_0	garbology	ɡɑːbɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garbology_0.wav
buzz_0	buzz	bʌz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buzz_0.wav
reedbird_0	reedbird	riːdˌbɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reedbird_0.wav
bikini_1	bikini	bɪkiːni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bikini_1.wav
sandsoap_0	sandsoap	sændˌsəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sandsoap_0.wav
blackmun_0	blackmun	blækmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackmun_0.wav
shanks_0	shanks	ʃæŋksɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shanks_0.wav
in_1	in	ɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/in_1.wav
waiting_0	waiting	weɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waiting_0.wav
conscious_0	conscious	kɒnʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conscious_0.wav
ajuga_0	ajuga	ədʒuːɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aj/ajuga_0.wav
izzat_0	izzat	ɪzət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/iz/izzat_0.wav
immingle_0	immingle	ɪmɪŋɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immingle_0.wav
boileau_0	boileau	bwalo	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boileau_0.wav
it’s_0	it’s	ɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/it’s_0.wav
roadshow_0	roadshow	roʊdʃoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roadshow_0.wav
collegium_0	collegium	kəliːdʒɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collegium_0.wav
catafalque_0	catafalque	kætəˌfælk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catafalque_0.wav
wrestler_0	wrestler	resləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrestler_0.wav
tannate_0	tannate	tæneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tannate_0.wav
razorback_0	razorback	reɪzəˌbæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/razorback_0.wav
trademark_0	trademark	treɪdmɑːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trademark_0.wav
justle_0	justle	dʒʌsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/justle_0.wav
centralise_0	centralise	sentrəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centralise_0.wav
unarm_0	unarm	ʌnɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unarm_0.wav
pollute_0	pollute	pəluːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pollute_0.wav
disposition_0	disposition	dɪspəzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disposition_0.wav
vesuvian_0	vesuvian	vɪsuːvɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vesuvian_0.wav
impairment_1	impairment	ɪmpeəʳmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impairment_1.wav
burrito_1	burrito	bəritoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burrito_1.wav
comparator_0	comparator	kəmpærətə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comparator_0.wav
co._0	co.	siː oʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/co._0.wav
ben_0	ben	bɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/ben_0.wav
cryocable_0	cryocable	ˌkraɪəʊkeɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cryocable_0.wav
disquisition_0	disquisition	dɪskwɪzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disquisition_0.wav
cilice_0	cilice	sɪlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cilice_0.wav
barrenwort_0	barrenwort	bærənˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barrenwort_0.wav
preamble_1	preamble	priːæmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preamble_1.wav
qiviut_0	qiviut	kɪvɪət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qi/qiviut_0.wav
furring_0	furring	fɜːrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furring_0.wav
photorealism_0	photorealism	ˌfəʊtəʊrɪəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photorealism_0.wav
voice_0	voice	vɔɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voice_0.wav
unmatched_0	unmatched	ʌnmætʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unmatched_0.wav
dry-salt_0	dry-salt	draɪˌsɔlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dry-salt_0.wav
chellup_0	chellup	tʃɛləp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chellup_0.wav
oates_0	oates	əʊts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oates_0.wav
annan_0	annan	ænæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/annan_0.wav
elapid_0	elapid	ɛləpɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elapid_0.wav
dispute_0	dispute	dɪspjuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dispute_0.wav
leucocratic_0	leucocratic	ˌluːkəkrætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leucocratic_0.wav
wheyface_0	wheyface	weɪˌfeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/wheyface_0.wav
pallescent_0	pallescent	pælɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pallescent_0.wav
beaten-up_0	beaten-up	ˌbiːtənʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaten-up_0.wav
abeyance_0	abeyance	əbeɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abeyance_0.wav
alabama_0	alabama	ˌæləbæmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alabama_0.wav
kurdaitcha_0	kurdaitcha	kədaɪtʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ku/kurdaitcha_0.wav
ultramodern_0	ultramodern	ˌʌltrəmɒdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultramodern_0.wav
superintend_0	superintend	suːpərɪntend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superintend_0.wav
pokeberry_0	pokeberry	pəʊkbərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pokeberry_0.wav
optimism_0	optimism	ɒptɪmɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/optimism_0.wav
flaherty_0	flaherty	flæhətɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flaherty_0.wav
execrate_0	execrate	ɛksɪˌkreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/execrate_0.wav
folkmoot_0	folkmoot	fəʊkˌmuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/folkmoot_0.wav
overvoltage_0	overvoltage	əʊvəˌvəʊltɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overvoltage_0.wav
rootage_0	rootage	ruːtɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rootage_0.wav
cosmetic_0	cosmetic	kɒzmetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cosmetic_0.wav
pharmacogenomics_0	pharmacogenomics	ˌfɑːməkəʊdʒɪnɒmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/pharmacogenomics_0.wav
illuvium_0	illuvium	ɪluːvɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illuvium_0.wav
adipocyte_0	adipocyte	ædɪpəʊˌsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adipocyte_0.wav
disbar_1	disbar	dɪsbɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disbar_1.wav
renegotiate_0	renegotiate	ˌriːnɪɡəʊʃɪˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/renegotiate_0.wav
presumptuous_1	presumptuous	prɪzʌmptʃuəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presumptuous_1.wav
jointer_0	jointer	dʒɔɪntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jointer_0.wav
diverticulum_0	diverticulum	ˌdaɪvətɪkjʊləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diverticulum_0.wav
bondsman_0	bondsman	bɒndzmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bondsman_0.wav
tympani_0	tympani	tɪmpəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tympani_0.wav
jollities_0	jollities	dʒɒlɪtɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jollities_0.wav
anarchy_0	anarchy	ænəʳki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anarchy_0.wav
soliman_0	soliman	sɒlɪmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soliman_0.wav
audiogenic_0	audiogenic	ˌɔːdɪəʊdʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/audiogenic_0.wav
antifouling_0	antifouling	ˌæntɪfaʊlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antifouling_0.wav
buchenwald_0	buchenwald	buːxənvalt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buchenwald_0.wav
double-quick_0	double-quick	dʌbəlkwɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/double-quick_0.wav
renegade_0	renegade	renɪgeɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/renegade_0.wav
quash_0	quash	kwɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quash_0.wav
danby_0	danby	dænbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/danby_0.wav
whore_0	whore	hɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whore_0.wav
ridley_0	ridley	rɪdlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ridley_0.wav
shaded_0	shaded	ʃeɪdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shaded_0.wav
usurp_0	usurp	juːzɜːʳp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/us/usurp_0.wav
view_0	view	vjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/view_0.wav
countryfied_0	countryfied	kʌntrəˌfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/countryfied_0.wav
platypus_0	platypus	plætɪpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/platypus_0.wav
downpipe_0	downpipe	daʊnˌpaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downpipe_0.wav
riel_0	riel	riːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/riel_0.wav
cunaxa_0	cunaxa	kjuːnæksə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cunaxa_0.wav
antiquity_1	antiquity	æntɪkwɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiquity_1.wav
epencephalon_0	epencephalon	ˌɛpɛnsɛfəˌlɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epencephalon_0.wav
backchat_0	backchat	bækˌtʃæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backchat_0.wav
cist_0	cist	sɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cist_0.wav
skelf_0	skelf	skɛlf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skelf_0.wav
mong_0	mong	mʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mong_0.wav
egger_0	egger	ɛɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eg/egger_0.wav
therapsid_0	therapsid	θəræpsɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/therapsid_0.wav
dipropellant_0	dipropellant	ˌdaɪprəpɛlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dipropellant_0.wav
roof_1	roof	ruːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roof_1.wav
kept_1	kept	kept	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kept_1.wav
zimmer_0	zimmer	zɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zi/zimmer_0.wav
cadenza_0	cadenza	kədenzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cadenza_0.wav
volk_0	volk	fɒlk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/volk_0.wav
wastepaper_0	wastepaper	weɪstˌpeɪpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wastepaper_0.wav
frisk_1	frisk	frɪsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frisk_1.wav
meths_1	meths	meθs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meths_1.wav
tabernacles_0	tabernacles	tæbəˌnækəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tabernacles_0.wav
canonical_1	canonical	kənɒnɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canonical_1.wav
aerobatics_0	aerobatics	eərəbætɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerobatics_0.wav
magnetohydrodynamics_0	magnetohydrodynamics	mæɡˌniːtəʊˌhaɪdrəʊdaɪnæmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnetohydrodynamics_0.wav
gel_1	gel	dʒel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gel_1.wav
ghoulish_0	ghoulish	guːlɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gh/ghoulish_0.wav
good_1	good	gʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/good_1.wav
christianize_0	christianize	krɪstʃəˌnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/christianize_0.wav
resettlement_0	resettlement	riːsetəlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resettlement_0.wav
hubba-hubba_0	hubba-hubba	hʌbəhʌbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hubba-hubba_0.wav
robe-de-chambre_0	robe-de-chambre	rɔbdəʃɑ̃brə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/robe-de-chambre_0.wav
reticent_0	reticent	retɪsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reticent_0.wav
chromaticness_0	chromaticness	krəʊmætɪknɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chromaticness_0.wav
major_0	major	meɪdʒəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/major_0.wav
malignancy_0	malignancy	məlɪgnənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malignancy_0.wav
penetrometer_0	penetrometer	ˌpɛnɪtrɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penetrometer_0.wav
retort_1	retort	rɪtɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retort_1.wav
divi_0	divi	dɪvɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divi_0.wav
rehearsal_1	rehearsal	rɪhɜːʳsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rehearsal_1.wav
orthogonal_0	orthogonal	ɔːθɒɡənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orthogonal_0.wav
makeba_0	makeba	məkeɪbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/makeba_0.wav
adaptogen_0	adaptogen	ədæptədʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adaptogen_0.wav
presumptive_0	presumptive	prɪzʌmptɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presumptive_0.wav
punchbag_0	punchbag	pʌntʃbæg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punchbag_0.wav
osteomalacia_0	osteomalacia	ˌɒstɪəʊməleɪʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/osteomalacia_0.wav
lake_0	lake	leɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lake_0.wav
glyceric_0	glyceric	ɡlɪsɛrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glyceric_0.wav
bharatiya_0	bharatiya	bɑːrəˌtiːjə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bh/bharatiya_0.wav
saving_0	saving	seɪvɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saving_0.wav
disconcerting_0	disconcerting	dɪskənsɜːʳtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disconcerting_0.wav
conus_0	conus	kəʊnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conus_0.wav
diptych_0	diptych	dɪptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diptych_0.wav
serpentine_0	serpentine	sɜːʳpəntaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serpentine_0.wav
lions_0	lions	laɪənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lions_0.wav
mohammed_1	mohammed	məʊhæmɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mohammed_1.wav
bairn_1	bairn	beəʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bairn_1.wav
sough_0	sough	saʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sough_0.wav
sinker_0	sinker	sɪŋkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sinker_0.wav
maurice_0	maurice	mɒrɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maurice_0.wav
pergamum_0	pergamum	pɜːɡəməm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pergamum_0.wav
carsick_0	carsick	kɑːˌsɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carsick_0.wav
rejoinder_0	rejoinder	rɪdʒɔɪndəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rejoinder_0.wav
faucet_0	faucet	fɔːsɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faucet_0.wav
denomination_0	denomination	dɪnɒmɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denomination_0.wav
shiraz_0	shiraz	ʃɪərɑːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shiraz_0.wav
roc_0	roc	rɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roc_0.wav
lark_0	lark	lɑːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lark_0.wav
clump_1	clump	klʌmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clump_1.wav
dogtrot_0	dogtrot	dɒɡˌtrɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dogtrot_0.wav
attar_0	attar	ætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attar_0.wav
headphone_0	headphone	hɛdˌfəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/headphone_0.wav
propinquity_1	propinquity	prəpɪŋkwɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propinquity_1.wav
hylotheism_0	hylotheism	ˌhaɪləθiːɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hylotheism_0.wav
stout_1	stout	staʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stout_1.wav
gastroenterostomy_0	gastroenterostomy	ˌɡæstrəʊˌɛntərɒstəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gastroenterostomy_0.wav
brushoff_0	brushoff	brʌʃˌɔf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brushoff_0.wav
minimalist_0	minimalist	mɪnɪməlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minimalist_0.wav
nimwegen_0	nimwegen	nɪmveːɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nimwegen_0.wav
hardrock_0	hardrock	hɑːdˌrɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hardrock_0.wav
scatter_0	scatter	skætəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scatter_0.wav
injector_0	injector	ɪndʒɛktə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/injector_0.wav
quilt_1	quilt	kwɪlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quilt_1.wav
travesty_0	travesty	trævəsti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/travesty_0.wav
adorn_1	adorn	ədɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adorn_1.wav
multiprocessor_0	multiprocessor	ˌmʌltɪprəʊsɛsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multiprocessor_0.wav
hassock_0	hassock	hæsək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hassock_0.wav
peaty_0	peaty	piːti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peaty_0.wav
diamorphine_0	diamorphine	ˌdaɪəmɔːfiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diamorphine_0.wav
vengeful_0	vengeful	vendʒfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vengeful_0.wav
propagator_0	propagator	prɒpəˌɡeɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propagator_0.wav
increasingly_1	increasingly	ɪnkriːsɪŋli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/increasingly_1.wav
ermanaric_0	ermanaric	əmænərɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/ermanaric_0.wav
shrunk_1	shrunk	ʃrʌŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shrunk_1.wav
sherpa_0	sherpa	ʃɜːpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sherpa_0.wav
habanera_0	habanera	ˌhæbənɛərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/habanera_0.wav
salivary_0	salivary	sæləˌvɛri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salivary_0.wav
tidy_0	tidy	taɪdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tidy_0.wav
helicon_0	helicon	hɛlɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helicon_0.wav
rival_0	rival	raɪvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rival_0.wav
villi_0	villi	vɪlaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/villi_0.wav
menstruation_0	menstruation	ˌmɛnstrʊeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/menstruation_0.wav
backcountry_0	backcountry	bækˌkʌntri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backcountry_0.wav
zeppole_0	zeppole	zɛpəʊlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zeppole_0.wav
voussoir_0	voussoir	vuːswɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voussoir_0.wav
icicle_0	icicle	aɪsɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/icicle_0.wav
stateroom_0	stateroom	steɪtruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stateroom_0.wav
neutrino_1	neutrino	njuːtriːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neutrino_1.wav
capricorn_0	capricorn	kæprɪkɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capricorn_0.wav
distribute_1	distribute	dɪstrɪbjuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/distribute_1.wav
dopa_0	dopa	dəʊpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dopa_0.wav
rampion_0	rampion	ræmpɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rampion_0.wav
hain_0	hain	heɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hain_0.wav
arteriovenous_0	arteriovenous	ɑːˌtɪərɪəʊviːnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arteriovenous_0.wav
synchronic_0	synchronic	sɪnkrɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synchronic_0.wav
lyublin_0	lyublin	ljublɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lyublin_0.wav
walcott_0	walcott	wɔːlkət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/walcott_0.wav
panoply_0	panoply	pænəpli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panoply_0.wav
veneration_0	veneration	ˌvɛnəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/veneration_0.wav
kief_0	kief	kiːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kief_0.wav
parvoline_0	parvoline	pɑːvəˌlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parvoline_0.wav
logy_0	logy	ləʊɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/logy_0.wav
assignee_0	assignee	ˌæsaɪniː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assignee_0.wav
sepsis_0	sepsis	sɛpsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sepsis_0.wav
lampern_0	lampern	læmpən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lampern_0.wav
wormfly_0	wormfly	wɜːmˌflaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wormfly_0.wav
rimmed_0	rimmed	rɪmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rimmed_0.wav
tachyon_0	tachyon	tækɪˌɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tachyon_0.wav
dit_0	dit	dɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dit_0.wav
pandour_0	pandour	pændʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pandour_0.wav
remanence_0	remanence	rɛmənəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remanence_0.wav
deficiency_1	deficiency	dɪfɪʃənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deficiency_1.wav
chlorophytum_0	chlorophytum	ˌklɔːrəfaɪtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chlorophytum_0.wav
sandringham_0	sandringham	sændrɪŋəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sandringham_0.wav
acarid_0	acarid	ækərɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acarid_0.wav
indic_0	indic	ɪndɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indic_0.wav
gig_1	gig	gɪg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gig_1.wav
moot_1	moot	muːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moot_1.wav
jactitation_0	jactitation	ˌdʒæktɪteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jactitation_0.wav
got_1	got	gɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/got_1.wav
vortumnus_0	vortumnus	vɔːtʌmnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vortumnus_0.wav
cannery_0	cannery	kænəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cannery_0.wav
photosensitive_0	photosensitive	ˌfəʊtəʊsɛnsɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photosensitive_0.wav
sublimation_0	sublimation	ˌsʌblɪmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sublimation_0.wav
dinkie_0	dinkie	dɪŋkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dinkie_0.wav
beano_0	beano	biːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beano_0.wav
devastated_0	devastated	devəsteɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devastated_0.wav
zeelander_0	zeelander	ziːləndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zeelander_0.wav
interviewee_0	interviewee	ɪntəʳvjuiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interviewee_0.wav
paradigmatic_0	paradigmatic	pærədɪgmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paradigmatic_0.wav
mudsill_0	mudsill	mʌdˌsɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mudsill_0.wav
midpoint_0	midpoint	mɪdpɔɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midpoint_0.wav
threat_0	threat	θret	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/threat_0.wav
unconcerned_0	unconcerned	ʌnkənsɜːʳnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unconcerned_0.wav
hove_0	hove	hoʊv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hove_0.wav
carpet_0	carpet	kɑːʳpɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carpet_0.wav
innate_0	innate	ɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/innate_0.wav
musk_0	musk	mʌsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/musk_0.wav
backsword_0	backsword	bækˌsɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backsword_0.wav
outside_0	outside	aʊtsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outside_0.wav
declass_0	declass	diːklɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/declass_0.wav
conte_0	conte	kɔ̃t	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conte_0.wav
pakora_0	pakora	pəkɔːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pakora_0.wav
stupidity_0	stupidity	stjuːpɪdɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stupidity_0.wav
reply_0	reply	rɪplaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reply_0.wav
troilism_0	troilism	trɔɪlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troilism_0.wav
basilisk_0	basilisk	bæzɪˌlɪsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basilisk_0.wav
quickthorn_0	quickthorn	kwɪkˌθɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quickthorn_0.wav
disjoin_0	disjoin	dɪsdʒɔɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disjoin_0.wav
vial_0	vial	vaɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vial_0.wav
iztaccihuatl_0	iztaccihuatl	ˌiːstəksiːwətəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/iz/iztaccihuatl_0.wav
escort_1	escort	eskɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/escort_1.wav
kells_0	kells	kɛlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kells_0.wav
bilestone_0	bilestone	baɪlˌstəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bilestone_0.wav
precipitin_0	precipitin	prɪsɪpɪtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precipitin_0.wav
approachable_1	approachable	əproʊtʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approachable_1.wav
slaying_0	slaying	sleɪɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slaying_0.wav
inferior_0	inferior	ɪnfɪəriəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inferior_0.wav
memphian_0	memphian	mɛmfɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/memphian_0.wav
booksy_0	booksy	bʊksɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/booksy_0.wav
alyssum_0	alyssum	ælɪsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alyssum_0.wav
shagroon_0	shagroon	ʃæɡruːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shagroon_0.wav
bulgarian_0	bulgarian	bʌlgeəriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulgarian_0.wav
sprag_0	sprag	spræɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprag_0.wav
bluish_0	bluish	bluːɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bluish_0.wav
ramakrishna_0	ramakrishna	ˌrɑːməkrɪʃnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ramakrishna_0.wav
spirula_0	spirula	spaɪrʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spirula_0.wav
eisenhower_0	eisenhower	aɪzənˌhaʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eisenhower_0.wav
athermancy_0	athermancy	æθɜːmənsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athermancy_0.wav
exercitation_0	exercitation	ɪɡˌzɜːsɪteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exercitation_0.wav
distinguishable_1	distinguishable	dɪstɪŋgwɪʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/distinguishable_1.wav
middlesex_0	middlesex	mɪdəlˌsɛks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/middlesex_0.wav
palladian_1	palladian	pəleɪdɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palladian_1.wav
lunation_0	lunation	luːneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lunation_0.wav
duobinary_0	duobinary	ˌdjuːəʊbaɪnərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duobinary_0.wav
bedding_0	bedding	bedɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedding_0.wav
miscellany_0	miscellany	mɪseləni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miscellany_0.wav
aquavit_0	aquavit	ækwəˌvɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aq/aquavit_0.wav
unshakeable_0	unshakeable	ʌnʃeɪkəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unshakeable_0.wav
gar_0	gar	ɡɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gar_0.wav
mulley_0	mulley	mʌlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mulley_0.wav
chymotrypsinogen_0	chymotrypsinogen	ˌkaɪməʊtrɪpsɪnədʒɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chymotrypsinogen_0.wav
quercetin_0	quercetin	kwɜːsɪtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quercetin_0.wav
kybo_0	kybo	kaɪˌbəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ky/kybo_0.wav
emarginate_0	emarginate	ɪmɑːdʒɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emarginate_0.wav
hydrogen_0	hydrogen	haɪdrədʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrogen_0.wav
theist_0	theist	θiːɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theist_0.wav
minho_0	minho	miɲu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minho_0.wav
arabia_1	arabia	əreɪbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arabia_1.wav
orthopteran_0	orthopteran	ɔːθɒptərən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orthopteran_0.wav
teetotaler_0	teetotaler	titoʊtələr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teetotaler_0.wav
hampton_0	hampton	hæmptən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hampton_0.wav
999_0	999	naɪn naɪn naɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/99/999_0.wav
incremental_0	incremental	ɪnkrɪmentəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incremental_0.wav
malapportion_0	malapportion	ˌmæləpɔrʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malapportion_0.wav
deceitful_1	deceitful	dɪsiːtfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deceitful_1.wav
survival_0	survival	səʳvaɪvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/survival_0.wav
chiseller_0	chiseller	tʃɪzələ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chiseller_0.wav
ureter_0	ureter	jʊriːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/ureter_0.wav
isserlis_0	isserlis	ɪsəlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isserlis_0.wav
stope_0	stope	stəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stope_0.wav
copybook_0	copybook	kɒpibʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/copybook_0.wav
suppertime_0	suppertime	sʌpəʳtaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppertime_0.wav
pantywaist_0	pantywaist	pæntɪˌweɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pantywaist_0.wav
penile_0	penile	piːnaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penile_0.wav
projectile_0	projectile	prədʒektaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/projectile_0.wav
mow_1	mow	moʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mow_1.wav
juniper_0	juniper	dʒuːnɪpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/juniper_0.wav
bottled_0	bottled	bɒtəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bottled_0.wav
lyke-wake_0	lyke-wake	laɪkˌweɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lyke-wake_0.wav
presumable_0	presumable	prɪzjuːməbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/presumable_0.wav
reviewal_0	reviewal	rɪvjuːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reviewal_0.wav
tottie_0	tottie	tɒtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tottie_0.wav
festivity_0	festivity	festɪvɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/festivity_0.wav
pothunter_0	pothunter	pɒtˌhʌntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pothunter_0.wav
apalachicola_0	apalachicola	ˌæpəˌlætʃɪkoʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apalachicola_0.wav
fidelista_0	fidelista	ˌfiːdɛlɪstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fidelista_0.wav
extortion_0	extortion	ɪkstɔːʳʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extortion_0.wav
grundies_0	grundies	ɡrʌndɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grundies_0.wav
cyder_0	cyder	saɪdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cyder_0.wav
screw_1	screw	skruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/screw_1.wav
karoro_0	karoro	kɑːrəʊrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/karoro_0.wav
communistic_0	communistic	ˌkɒmjʊnɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/communistic_0.wav
twitter_0	twitter	twɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twitter_0.wav
piggy-in-the-middle_0	piggy-in-the-middle	pɪɡɪ ɪn ðə mɪdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piggy-in-the-middle_0.wav
scorekeeper_0	scorekeeper	skɔːˌkiːpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scorekeeper_0.wav
reflexive_0	reflexive	rɪfleksɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reflexive_0.wav
orca_0	orca	ɔːʳkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orca_0.wav
lammergeier_0	lammergeier	læməˌɡaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lammergeier_0.wav
subvert_0	subvert	səbvɜːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subvert_0.wav
rhododendron_0	rhododendron	roʊdədendrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhododendron_0.wav
willowware_0	willowware	wɪləʊˌwɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willowware_0.wav
embodiment_1	embodiment	ɪmbɒdimənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embodiment_1.wav
sponsorship_0	sponsorship	spɒnsəʳʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sponsorship_0.wav
pathetic_0	pathetic	pəθetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pathetic_0.wav
inimitable_0	inimitable	ɪnɪmɪtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inimitable_0.wav
tog_0	tog	tɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tog_0.wav
cambyses_0	cambyses	kæmbaɪsiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cambyses_0.wav
umbrian_0	umbrian	ʌmbrɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/um/umbrian_0.wav
wildcat_0	wildcat	waɪldkæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wildcat_0.wav
reeve_0	reeve	riːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reeve_0.wav
arminius_0	arminius	ɑːmɪnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arminius_0.wav
vulnerable_0	vulnerable	vʌlnərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulnerable_0.wav
gaptoothed_0	gaptoothed	gæpˌtuθt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaptoothed_0.wav
mak_0	mak	mæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mak_0.wav
wether_0	wether	wɛðə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wether_0.wav
bestead_0	bestead	bɪstɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bestead_0.wav
instructive_1	instructive	ɪnstrʌktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instructive_1.wav
radiolocation_0	radiolocation	ˌreɪdɪəʊləkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radiolocation_0.wav
underact_0	underact	ˌʌndərækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underact_0.wav
wonk_0	wonk	wɒŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wonk_0.wav
closing_0	closing	kloʊzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/closing_0.wav
insult_1	insult	ɪnsʌlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insult_1.wav
piecemeal_0	piecemeal	piːsmiːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piecemeal_0.wav
jingo_0	jingo	dʒɪŋɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jingo_0.wav
biodiesel_0	biodiesel	baɪoʊdiːzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biodiesel_0.wav
libation_1	libation	laɪbeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/libation_1.wav
fixation_1	fixation	fɪkseɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fixation_1.wav
nappe_0	nappe	næp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nappe_0.wav
plaudits_0	plaudits	plɔːdɪtz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plaudits_0.wav
redraw_0	redraw	riːdrɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redraw_0.wav
orientalist_0	orientalist	ɔːrientəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orientalist_0.wav
bistoury_0	bistoury	bɪstərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bistoury_0.wav
willet_0	willet	wɪlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willet_0.wav
experiment_0	experiment	ɪksperɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/experiment_0.wav
lobed_0	lobed	loʊbd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lobed_0.wav
doomy_0	doomy	duːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doomy_0.wav
eelgrass_0	eelgrass	iːlˌɡrɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ee/eelgrass_0.wav
caecum_0	caecum	siːkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caecum_0.wav
ylang-ylang_0	ylang-ylang	ˌiːlæŋiːlæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yl/ylang-ylang_0.wav
goodall_0	goodall	gʊdˌɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goodall_0.wav
est._0	est.	ɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/est._0.wav
lank_0	lank	læŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lank_0.wav
reactivate_0	reactivate	riæktɪveɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reactivate_0.wav
plant_0	plant	plɑːnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plant_0.wav
claustral_0	claustral	klɔːstrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/claustral_0.wav
bemba_0	bemba	bɛmbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bemba_0.wav
garish_0	garish	geərɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garish_0.wav
backstage_0	backstage	bæksteɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backstage_0.wav
granadilla_0	granadilla	ˌɡrænədɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/granadilla_0.wav
keaton_0	keaton	kiːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keaton_0.wav
vulgar_0	vulgar	vʌlgəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulgar_0.wav
cardiff_0	cardiff	kɑːdɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardiff_0.wav
potboy_0	potboy	pɒtˌbɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potboy_0.wav
warded_0	warded	wɔːdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/warded_0.wav
clubhaul_0	clubhaul	klʌbˌhɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clubhaul_0.wav
astrobleme_0	astrobleme	æstrəˌbliːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astrobleme_0.wav
monoecious_0	monoecious	mɒniːʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monoecious_0.wav
selden_0	selden	sɛldən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/selden_0.wav
aquarelle_0	aquarelle	ˌækwərɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aq/aquarelle_0.wav
autoinfection_0	autoinfection	ˌɔːtəʊɪnfɛkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autoinfection_0.wav
roughhouse_0	roughhouse	rʌfˌhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roughhouse_0.wav
neon_0	neon	niːɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neon_0.wav
plummy_0	plummy	plʌmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plummy_0.wav
calpac_0	calpac	kælpæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calpac_0.wav
trigeminal_0	trigeminal	traɪdʒɛmɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trigeminal_0.wav
monarchianism_0	monarchianism	mənɑrkiənˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monarchianism_0.wav
suborbital_0	suborbital	sʌbɔːbɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suborbital_0.wav
marchioness_0	marchioness	mɑːʳʃənes	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marchioness_0.wav
sclerotin_0	sclerotin	sklɛrəʊtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/sclerotin_0.wav
danthonia_0	danthonia	dænθəʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/danthonia_0.wav
overproduction_0	overproduction	ˌəʊvəprədʌkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overproduction_0.wav
hindquarter_0	hindquarter	haɪndˌkwɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hindquarter_0.wav
brest_0	brest	brɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brest_0.wav
sprint_0	sprint	sprɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprint_0.wav
emerald_0	emerald	emərəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emerald_0.wav
heligoland_0	heligoland	hɛlɪɡəʊˌlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heligoland_0.wav
engross_0	engross	ɪnɡrəʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/engross_0.wav
wonderwork_0	wonderwork	wʌndəˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wonderwork_0.wav
mammaplasty_0	mammaplasty	mæmæˌplæstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mammaplasty_0.wav
rock_0	rock	rɒkənroʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rock_0.wav
patrol_1	patrol	pətroʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patrol_1.wav
welcoming_0	welcoming	welkəmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/welcoming_0.wav
prerecord_0	prerecord	ˌpriːrɪkɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prerecord_0.wav
fluorene_0	fluorene	flʊəriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluorene_0.wav
fane_0	fane	feɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fane_0.wav
repine_0	repine	rɪpaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repine_0.wav
riviere_0	riviere	ˌrɪvɪɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/riviere_0.wav
lysimeter_0	lysimeter	laɪsɪmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lysimeter_0.wav
rematch_0	rematch	riːmætʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rematch_0.wav
moonshiner_0	moonshiner	muːnˌʃaɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moonshiner_0.wav
unravel_1	unravel	ʌnrævəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unravel_1.wav
iodate_0	iodate	aɪəˌdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/iodate_0.wav
gastroscope_0	gastroscope	ɡæstrəˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gastroscope_0.wav
monofilament_0	monofilament	ˌmɒnəfɪləmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monofilament_0.wav
newfoundlander_0	newfoundlander	njuːfaʊndləndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/newfoundlander_0.wav
selvage_0	selvage	sɛlvɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/selvage_0.wav
schoolteacher_0	schoolteacher	skuːltiːtʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schoolteacher_0.wav
remold_0	remold	rimoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remold_0.wav
clare_1	clare	klɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clare_1.wav
bright_2	bright	braɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bright_2.wav
dispiteous_0	dispiteous	dɪspɪtɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dispiteous_0.wav
nick_0	nick	nɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nick_0.wav
grassplot_0	grassplot	ɡrɑːsˌplɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grassplot_0.wav
fringe_0	fringe	frɪndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fringe_0.wav
underdressed_0	underdressed	ˌʌndədrɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underdressed_0.wav
intriguing_1	intriguing	ɪntriːgɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intriguing_1.wav
snooze_0	snooze	snuːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snooze_0.wav
beaky_0	beaky	biki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaky_0.wav
pigstick_0	pigstick	pɪɡˌstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pigstick_0.wav
flooey_0	flooey	fluːɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flooey_0.wav
nazism_0	nazism	nɑːtsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nazism_0.wav
gromwell_0	gromwell	ɡrɒmwəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gromwell_0.wav
ernie_0	ernie	ɜːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/ernie_0.wav
laos_0	laos	laʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laos_0.wav
slack_1	slack	slæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slack_1.wav
impasto_0	impasto	ɪmpæstəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impasto_0.wav
childless_0	childless	tʃaɪldləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/childless_0.wav
venetic_0	venetic	vɪnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venetic_0.wav
oecology_0	oecology	iːkɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oe/oecology_0.wav
cleethorpes_0	cleethorpes	kliːθɔːps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cleethorpes_0.wav
cannabinoid_0	cannabinoid	kænəbɪˌnɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cannabinoid_0.wav
recluse_0	recluse	rɪkluːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recluse_0.wav
uther_0	uther	juːθə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ut/uther_0.wav
natation_0	natation	nəteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/natation_0.wav
yautia_0	yautia	jɔːtɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yautia_0.wav
fabricant_0	fabricant	fæbrɪkənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fabricant_0.wav
enormous_1	enormous	ɪnɔːʳməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enormous_1.wav
configure_0	configure	kənfɪɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/configure_0.wav
kranj_0	kranj	kraːnj	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kr/kranj_0.wav
concept_0	concept	kɒnsept	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concept_0.wav
well-behaved_0	well-behaved	ˌwɛlbiheɪvd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/well-behaved_0.wav
counterexample_0	counterexample	kaʊntərɪɡˌzɑːmpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counterexample_0.wav
autocephalous_0	autocephalous	ˌɔːtəʊsɛfələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autocephalous_0.wav
impedance_1	impedance	ɪmpiːdəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impedance_1.wav
phellogen_0	phellogen	fɛlədʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phellogen_0.wav
palaeogene_0	palaeogene	pælɪəˌdʒiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palaeogene_0.wav
eduction_0	eduction	ɪdʌkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/eduction_0.wav
trophied_0	trophied	troʊfid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trophied_0.wav
napkin_0	napkin	næpkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/napkin_0.wav
trolly_0	trolly	trɑli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trolly_0.wav
ne_0	ne	nerde	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/ne_0.wav
scape_0	scape	skeɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scape_0.wav
cardiologist_0	cardiologist	kɑːʳdiɒlədʒɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardiologist_0.wav
filtrable_0	filtrable	fɪltrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/filtrable_0.wav
medalist_0	medalist	mɛdəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/medalist_0.wav
handroll_0	handroll	hændˌrəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handroll_0.wav
exterritorial_0	exterritorial	ˌɛkstɛrɪtɔːrɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exterritorial_0.wav
pride_0	pride	praɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pride_0.wav
camped_0	camped	kæmpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/camped_0.wav
spitz_0	spitz	spɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spitz_0.wav
reunify_0	reunify	riːjuːnɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reunify_0.wav
margin_0	margin	mɑːʳdʒɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/margin_0.wav
bashkir_0	bashkir	bæʃkɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bashkir_0.wav
parse_1	parse	pɑːʳz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parse_1.wav
recline_0	recline	rɪklaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recline_0.wav
illusion_1	illusion	ɪluːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illusion_1.wav
pontoon_0	pontoon	pɒntuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pontoon_0.wav
cushie-doo_0	cushie-doo	ˌkʊʃɪduː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cushie-doo_0.wav
wessex_0	wessex	wɛsɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wessex_0.wav
polycarboxylate_0	polycarboxylate	ˌpɒlɪkɑːbɒkˌsɪleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polycarboxylate_0.wav
charolais_0	charolais	ʃærəˌleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charolais_0.wav
bifocal_0	bifocal	baɪfəʊkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bifocal_0.wav
hellfire_0	hellfire	hɛlˌfaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hellfire_0.wav
apartment_0	apartment	əpɑːʳtmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apartment_0.wav
chassis_0	chassis	ʃæsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chassis_0.wav
wadai_0	wadai	wɑːdaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wadai_0.wav
lupin_0	lupin	luːpɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lupin_0.wav
wheeze_1	wheeze	hwiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/wheeze_1.wav
phrygia_0	phrygia	frɪdʒɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phrygia_0.wav
hus_0	hus	hʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hus_0.wav
beaming_0	beaming	bimɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaming_0.wav
jansenism_0	jansenism	dʒænsəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jansenism_0.wav
waif_1	waif	weɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waif_1.wav
lamestream_0	lamestream	leɪmˌstriːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamestream_0.wav
broadway_0	broadway	brɔːdˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broadway_0.wav
compiler_0	compiler	kəmpaɪləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/compiler_0.wav
heredity_0	heredity	hɪredɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heredity_0.wav
fixer_0	fixer	fɪksəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fixer_0.wav
circuitous_1	circuitous	səʳkjuːɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/circuitous_1.wav
maradona_0	maradona	ˌmærədɒnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maradona_0.wav
salud_0	salud	sɑlud	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salud_0.wav
homebound_0	homebound	həʊmbaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homebound_0.wav
undeniable_0	undeniable	ʌndɪnaɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undeniable_0.wav
bagasse_0	bagasse	bəɡæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bagasse_0.wav
oculist_0	oculist	ɒkjʊlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/oculist_0.wav
tubulin_0	tubulin	tjuːbjʊlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubulin_0.wav
cortland_0	cortland	kɔrtlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cortland_0.wav
faff_0	faff	fæf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faff_0.wav
clock_1	clock	klɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clock_1.wav
fat_0	fat	fæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fat_0.wav
dayflower_0	dayflower	deɪˌflaʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dayflower_0.wav
shipshape_0	shipshape	ʃɪpʃeɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shipshape_0.wav
gaud_0	gaud	ɡɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaud_0.wav
equali_0	equali	ɪkwɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equali_0.wav
groundfish_0	groundfish	ɡraʊndˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/groundfish_0.wav
operating_0	operating	ɒpəreɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/operating_0.wav
depicture_0	depicture	dɪpɪktʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/depicture_0.wav
periphrasis_0	periphrasis	pərɪfrəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/periphrasis_0.wav
cuzco_0	cuzco	kusko	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuzco_0.wav
availability_0	availability	əˌveɪləbɪləti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/availability_0.wav
demotic_1	demotic	dɪmɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demotic_1.wav
openhanded_0	openhanded	opənˌhændɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/openhanded_0.wav
assiut_0	assiut	æsjuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assiut_0.wav
enticing_0	enticing	ɪntaɪsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enticing_0.wav
doom_0	doom	duːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doom_0.wav
entirety_0	entirety	ɪntaɪərɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entirety_0.wav
towrope_0	towrope	toʊroʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/towrope_0.wav
yokefellow_0	yokefellow	jəʊkˌfɛləʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/yokefellow_0.wav
dusk_1	dusk	dʌsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dusk_1.wav
management_0	management	mænɪdʒmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/management_0.wav
militiaman_0	militiaman	mɪlɪʃəmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/militiaman_0.wav
logrolling_0	logrolling	lɒɡˌrəʊlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/logrolling_0.wav
vang_0	vang	væŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vang_0.wav
radionuclide_0	radionuclide	ˌreɪdɪəʊnjuːklaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radionuclide_0.wav
besetting_0	besetting	bɪsɛtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/besetting_0.wav
complanate_0	complanate	kəmpleɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complanate_0.wav
bonnyclabber_0	bonnyclabber	bɒnɪˌklæbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonnyclabber_0.wav
cinephile_0	cinephile	sɪnɪˌfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinephile_0.wav
hawke_0	hawke	hɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hawke_0.wav
lese-majesty_0	lese-majesty	liːzmædʒɪstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lese-majesty_0.wav
irresoluble_0	irresoluble	ɪrɛzəljʊbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irresoluble_0.wav
disastrous_0	disastrous	dɪzɑːstrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disastrous_0.wav
beaver_0	beaver	biːvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaver_0.wav
unimaginable_0	unimaginable	ʌnɪmædʒɪnəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unimaginable_0.wav
lid_0	lid	lɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lid_0.wav
reb_0	reb	rɛb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reb_0.wav
chelicerate_0	chelicerate	kɪlɪsəˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chelicerate_0.wav
withdrawal_1	withdrawal	wɪðdrɔːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/withdrawal_1.wav
sukarno_0	sukarno	suːkɑːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sukarno_0.wav
seaborg_0	seaborg	siːbɔːɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seaborg_0.wav
scale_0	scale	skeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scale_0.wav
palmer_0	palmer	pɑːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmer_0.wav
quail_1	quail	kweɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quail_1.wav
henequen_0	henequen	hɛnɪkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/henequen_0.wav
dotty_0	dotty	dɒti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dotty_0.wav
berylliosis_0	berylliosis	bəˌrɪlɪəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berylliosis_0.wav
appetence_0	appetence	æpɪtəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appetence_0.wav
thankfully_0	thankfully	θæŋkfʊli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thankfully_0.wav
mosaic_0	mosaic	moʊzeɪɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mosaic_0.wav
benchland_0	benchland	bɛntʃˌlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/benchland_0.wav
montagnais_0	montagnais	ˌmɒntənjeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/montagnais_0.wav
crusade_1	crusade	kruːseɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crusade_1.wav
resnatron_0	resnatron	rɛznəˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resnatron_0.wav
rinse_1	rinse	rɪns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rinse_1.wav
sweven_0	sweven	swɛvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweven_0.wav
tilak_0	tilak	tɪlək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tilak_0.wav
saltwater_0	saltwater	sɔltwɒtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saltwater_0.wav
isooctane_0	isooctane	ˌaɪsəʊɒkteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isooctane_0.wav
selection_0	selection	sɪlekʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/selection_0.wav
neoplasty_0	neoplasty	niːəʊˌplæstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neoplasty_0.wav
aspasia_0	aspasia	əspeɪzɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/aspasia_0.wav
formicate_0	formicate	fɔːmɪˌkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/formicate_0.wav
rat-tat_0	rat-tat	rætˌtæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rat-tat_0.wav
attila_1	attila	ətɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attila_1.wav
fifty_0	fifty	fɪfti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fifty_0.wav
expletive_0	expletive	ɪkspliːtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expletive_0.wav
chandragupta_0	chandragupta	ˌtʃʌndrəɡʊptə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chandragupta_0.wav
psychosynthesis_0	psychosynthesis	ˌsaɪkəʊsɪnθɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psychosynthesis_0.wav
smolt_0	smolt	sməʊlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smolt_0.wav
outsprint_0	outsprint	ˌaʊtsprɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outsprint_0.wav
penang_0	penang	pɪnæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penang_0.wav
oval_0	oval	oʊvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/oval_0.wav
precisian_0	precisian	prɪsɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precisian_0.wav
pickaninny_0	pickaninny	ˌpɪkənɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pickaninny_0.wav
ambiance_0	ambiance	æmbiəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ambiance_0.wav
self-destructive_0	self-destructive	ˌsɛlfdɪstrʌktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-destructive_0.wav
impermeable_1	impermeable	ɪmpɜːʳmiəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impermeable_1.wav
inspectorate_0	inspectorate	ɪnspektərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inspectorate_0.wav
ordain_0	ordain	ɔːʳdeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ordain_0.wav
decoction_0	decoction	dɪkɒkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decoction_0.wav
chelate_0	chelate	kiːleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chelate_0.wav
agassi_0	agassi	æɡəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agassi_0.wav
chad_1	chad	tʃæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chad_1.wav
panathenaea_0	panathenaea	pæˌnæθɪniːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panathenaea_0.wav
high-compression_0	high-compression	ˌhaɪkəmprɛʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/high-compression_0.wav
bedeck_0	bedeck	bɪdek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedeck_0.wav
quash_1	quash	kwɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quash_1.wav
duyker_0	duyker	daɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duyker_0.wav
paederast_0	paederast	pɛdəˌræst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paederast_0.wav
poaceous_0	poaceous	pəʊeɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poaceous_0.wav
madwort_0	madwort	mædˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madwort_0.wav
koror_0	koror	kɔˌrɔr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/koror_0.wav
metal_0	metal	metəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metal_0.wav
posturize_0	posturize	pɒstʃəˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/posturize_0.wav
sox_1	sox	sɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sox_1.wav
greenwood_0	greenwood	ɡriːnˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenwood_0.wav
theban_0	theban	θiːbən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theban_0.wav
gametangium_0	gametangium	ˌɡæmɪtændʒɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gametangium_0.wav
timberland_0	timberland	tɪmbəˌlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timberland_0.wav
neglected_0	neglected	nɪɡlɛktɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neglected_0.wav
self-fulfillment_0	self-fulfillment	sɛlffəlfɪlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-fulfillment_0.wav
educationalist_0	educationalist	edʒʊkeɪʃənəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/educationalist_0.wav
ranula_0	ranula	rænjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ranula_0.wav
immanent_0	immanent	ɪmənənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immanent_0.wav
booth_0	booth	buːð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/booth_0.wav
pisser_0	pisser	pɪsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pisser_0.wav
intifada_0	intifada	ˌɪntɪfɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intifada_0.wav
cruciform_0	cruciform	kruːsɪfɔːʳm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cruciform_0.wav
kirchner_0	kirchner	kirçnər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kirchner_0.wav
paw_1	paw	pɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paw_1.wav
kinnock_0	kinnock	kɪnək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kinnock_0.wav
scoreline_0	scoreline	skɔːʳlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scoreline_0.wav
extrajudicial_0	extrajudicial	ˌɛkstrədʒuːdɪʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extrajudicial_0.wav
precycling_0	precycling	priːsaɪklɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precycling_0.wav
welsh_0	welsh	welʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/welsh_0.wav
automat_0	automat	ɔːtəˌmæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/automat_0.wav
accused_1	accused	əkjuːzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accused_1.wav
stilbestrol_0	stilbestrol	stɪlbiːstrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stilbestrol_0.wav
relieved_1	relieved	rɪliːvd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relieved_1.wav
endomixis_0	endomixis	ˌɛndəʊmɪksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endomixis_0.wav
businessperson_0	businessperson	bɪznɪspɜrsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/businessperson_0.wav
ham_0	ham	hæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/ham_0.wav
indecision_0	indecision	ɪndɪsɪʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indecision_0.wav
freon_0	freon	friːɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freon_0.wav
hexone_0	hexone	hɛksəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hexone_0.wav
parenthood_0	parenthood	peərənthʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parenthood_0.wav
fuchsin_0	fuchsin	fuːksɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fuchsin_0.wav
triangular_1	triangular	traɪæŋgjʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triangular_1.wav
penetrating_0	penetrating	penɪtreɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penetrating_0.wav
aerosat_0	aerosat	ɛərəʊˌsæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerosat_0.wav
heitiki_0	heitiki	heɪtiːkiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heitiki_0.wav
fenugreek_0	fenugreek	fɛnjʊˌɡriːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fenugreek_0.wav
trst_0	trst	trst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trst_0.wav
self-colored_0	self-colored	ˌsɛlfkʌləd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-colored_0.wav
sulfur-bottom_0	sulfur-bottom	sʌlfərˌbɑtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulfur-bottom_0.wav
thorpe_0	thorpe	θɔːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thorpe_0.wav
palaearctic_0	palaearctic	ˌpælɪɑːktɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palaearctic_0.wav
infelicitous_0	infelicitous	ˌɪnfɪlɪsɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infelicitous_0.wav
pipiwharauroa_0	pipiwharauroa	piːpiːˌfæræuːˌrɔːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pipiwharauroa_0.wav
contextualize_0	contextualize	kəntɛkstjʊəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contextualize_0.wav
eyelevel_0	eyelevel	aɪˌlɛvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyelevel_0.wav
edith_0	edith	idɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/edith_0.wav
penholder_0	penholder	pɛnˌhəʊldə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penholder_0.wav
boredom_0	boredom	bɔːʳdəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boredom_0.wav
palaeolith_0	palaeolith	pælɪəʊˌlɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palaeolith_0.wav
hike_0	hike	haɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hike_0.wav
cooperation_0	cooperation	kəʊˌɒpəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cooperation_0.wav
unsavoury_0	unsavoury	ʌnseɪvəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsavoury_0.wav
send_6	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_6.wav
esther_0	esther	ɛstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/esther_0.wav
overfold_0	overfold	əʊvəˌfəʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overfold_0.wav
patio_0	patio	pætioʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patio_0.wav
stole_1	stole	stoʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stole_1.wav
neritic_0	neritic	nɛrɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neritic_0.wav
quicklime_0	quicklime	kwɪkˌlaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quicklime_0.wav
pleustonic_0	pleustonic	pluːstɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pleustonic_0.wav
jehovah_0	jehovah	dʒɪhoʊvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jehovah_0.wav
bung_0	bung	bʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bung_0.wav
peloponnese_0	peloponnese	ˌpɛləpəniːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peloponnese_0.wav
archeozoic_0	archeozoic	ˌɑːkɪəzəʊɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archeozoic_0.wav
oriented_0	oriented	ɔːrientɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/oriented_0.wav
suit_1	suit	suːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suit_1.wav
groan_1	groan	groʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/groan_1.wav
waterleaf_0	waterleaf	wɔːtəˌliːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waterleaf_0.wav
aspiratory_0	aspiratory	əspaɪrəˌtɔri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/aspiratory_0.wav
testiculate_0	testiculate	tɛstɪkjʊlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/testiculate_0.wav
hsining_0	hsining	ʃiːnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hs/hsining_0.wav
landsteiner_0	landsteiner	lantˌʃtaɪnər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/landsteiner_0.wav
ihimaera_0	ihimaera	ɪhɪmɑːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ih/ihimaera_0.wav
entrapment_0	entrapment	ɪntræpmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entrapment_0.wav
centred_0	centred	sentəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centred_0.wav
put-upon_0	put-upon	pʊtəpɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/put-upon_0.wav
prepotency_0	prepotency	prɪpəʊtənsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prepotency_0.wav
providence_0	providence	prɒvɪdəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/providence_0.wav
lodgment_0	lodgment	lɒdʒmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lodgment_0.wav
this_0	this	ðɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/this_0.wav
chequebook_0	chequebook	tʃekbʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chequebook_0.wav
italicism_0	italicism	ɪtæləˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/italicism_0.wav
contempt_1	contempt	kəntempt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contempt_1.wav
axilla_0	axilla	æksɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ax/axilla_0.wav
anklebone_0	anklebone	æŋkəlˌbəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anklebone_0.wav
indestructible_0	indestructible	ɪndɪstrʌktɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indestructible_0.wav
demonstrate_0	demonstrate	demənstreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demonstrate_0.wav
skive_1	skive	skaɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skive_1.wav
hyposulphite_0	hyposulphite	ˌhaɪpəsʌlfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyposulphite_0.wav
ozalid_0	ozalid	ɒzəlɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oz/ozalid_0.wav
split-screen_0	split-screen	splɪt skriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/split-screen_0.wav
leotard_0	leotard	liːətɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leotard_0.wav
m-1_0	m-1	ɛmwʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/m-/m-1_0.wav
engrave_0	engrave	ɪngreɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/engrave_0.wav
corticotrophic_0	corticotrophic	ˌkɔːtɪkəʊtrəʊfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corticotrophic_0.wav
unship_0	unship	ʌnʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unship_0.wav
ferromolybdenum_0	ferromolybdenum	ˌfɛrəʊmɒlɪbdɪnəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/ferromolybdenum_0.wav
actinium_0	actinium	æktɪnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/actinium_0.wav
monochromat_0	monochromat	ˌmɒnəʊkrəʊmæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monochromat_0.wav
gateau_0	gateau	gætoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gateau_0.wav
sanitarian_0	sanitarian	ˌsænɪtɛərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sanitarian_0.wav
nonetheless_0	nonetheless	nʌnðəles	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonetheless_0.wav
contort_1	contort	kəntɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contort_1.wav
cuttack_0	cuttack	kʌtæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuttack_0.wav
mysterious_1	mysterious	mɪstɪəriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mysterious_1.wav
hooked_0	hooked	hʊkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hooked_0.wav
louÿs_0	louÿs	lwi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/louÿs_0.wav
clampdown_0	clampdown	klæmpdaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clampdown_0.wav
womanlike_0	womanlike	wʊmənˌlaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/womanlike_0.wav
quell_0	quell	kwel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quell_0.wav
fasching_0	fasching	fɑʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fasching_0.wav
abide_1	abide	əbaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abide_1.wav
disrupt_1	disrupt	dɪsrʌpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disrupt_1.wav
melrose_0	melrose	mɛlroʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/melrose_0.wav
irretrievable_0	irretrievable	ɪrɪtriːvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irretrievable_0.wav
forepassed_0	forepassed	fɔrpæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forepassed_0.wav
tree_0	tree	triː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tree_0.wav
cabman_0	cabman	kæbmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cabman_0.wav
immanentism_0	immanentism	ɪmənənˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immanentism_0.wav
winge_1	winge	wɪndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/winge_1.wav
cease_1	cease	siːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cease_1.wav
hols_0	hols	hɒlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hols_0.wav
midsole_0	midsole	ˌmɪdsəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midsole_0.wav
intergroup_0	intergroup	ˌɪntəɡruːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intergroup_0.wav
sadistic_1	sadistic	sədɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sadistic_1.wav
avail_0	avail	əveɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avail_0.wav
gurdjieff_0	gurdjieff	ɡɜːdjɛf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gurdjieff_0.wav
alhambra_0	alhambra	ælhæmbrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alhambra_0.wav
lorn_0	lorn	lɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lorn_0.wav
motley_0	motley	mɒtli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/motley_0.wav
slinter_0	slinter	slɪntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slinter_0.wav
kumara_0	kumara	kuːmərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ku/kumara_0.wav
lookalike_0	lookalike	lʊkəlaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lookalike_0.wav
beachhead_0	beachhead	biːtʃhed	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beachhead_0.wav
simplicity_1	simplicity	sɪmplɪsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/simplicity_1.wav
pyelogram_0	pyelogram	paɪələʊˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyelogram_0.wav
deliverance_0	deliverance	dɪlɪvərəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deliverance_0.wav
priestley_0	priestley	priːstlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/priestley_0.wav
variant_0	variant	veəriənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/variant_0.wav
inauspicious_0	inauspicious	ɪnɔːspɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inauspicious_0.wav
krakatau_0	krakatau	ˌkrɑkɑtaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kr/krakatau_0.wav
stocktaking_0	stocktaking	stɒkteɪkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stocktaking_0.wav
maftir_0	maftir	mɑftir	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maftir_0.wav
daly_0	daly	deɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daly_0.wav
lifford_0	lifford	lɪfərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lifford_0.wav
cytochemistry_0	cytochemistry	ˌsaɪtəʊkɛmɪstrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cytochemistry_0.wav
nitrogenize_0	nitrogenize	naɪtrɒdʒɪˌnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nitrogenize_0.wav
engaging_0	engaging	ɪngeɪdʒɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/engaging_0.wav
verify_0	verify	verɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/verify_0.wav
retired_1	retired	rɪtaɪəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retired_1.wav
diner_0	diner	daɪnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diner_0.wav
gentility_1	gentility	dʒentɪlɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gentility_1.wav
bangweulu_0	bangweulu	ˌbæŋwɪuːlʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bangweulu_0.wav
used_1	used	juːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/us/used_1.wav
paleomagnetism_0	paleomagnetism	ˌpælɪəʊmæɡnɪtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paleomagnetism_0.wav
cellular_0	cellular	seljʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cellular_0.wav
lobbyist_0	lobbyist	lɒbiɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lobbyist_0.wav
coalfield_0	coalfield	koʊlfiːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coalfield_0.wav
overprint_0	overprint	ˌəʊvəprɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overprint_0.wav
compressibility_0	compressibility	kəmˌprɛsɪbɪlɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/compressibility_0.wav
warfarin_0	warfarin	wɔːfərɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/warfarin_0.wav
accelerate_0	accelerate	ækseləreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accelerate_0.wav
poll_0	poll	poʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poll_0.wav
micron_0	micron	maɪkrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/micron_0.wav
boxhaul_0	boxhaul	bɒksˌhɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boxhaul_0.wav
dardanian_0	dardanian	dɑrdeɪniən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dardanian_0.wav
pera_0	pera	pɪərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pera_0.wav
viscometer_0	viscometer	vɪskɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viscometer_0.wav
bough_0	bough	baʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bough_0.wav
spirochaetosis_0	spirochaetosis	ˌspaɪrəʊkɪtəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spirochaetosis_0.wav
ossuary_0	ossuary	ɒsjʊərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ossuary_0.wav
monogrammed_0	monogrammed	mɒnəgræmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monogrammed_0.wav
deteriorate_0	deteriorate	dɪtɪəriəreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deteriorate_0.wav
buckeen_0	buckeen	bʌkiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buckeen_0.wav
subkingdom_0	subkingdom	sʌbkɪŋdəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subkingdom_0.wav
demit_0	demit	dɪmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demit_0.wav
pinscher_0	pinscher	pɪnʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinscher_0.wav
interfascicular_0	interfascicular	ˌɪntəfəsɪkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interfascicular_0.wav
profluent_0	profluent	prɒflʊənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/profluent_0.wav
natty_0	natty	næti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/natty_0.wav
aggrandize_0	aggrandize	əgrændaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aggrandize_0.wav
facetious_1	facetious	fəsiːʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/facetious_1.wav
commend_1	commend	kəmend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commend_1.wav
standby_0	standby	stændbaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/standby_0.wav
scall_0	scall	skɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scall_0.wav
malawian_0	malawian	məlɑːwɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malawian_0.wav
confidential_0	confidential	kɒnfɪdenʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confidential_0.wav
lgbt_0	lgbt	eldʒiːbiːtiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lg/lgbt_0.wav
whaikorero_0	whaikorero	fɑːiːkɒrɛrɒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whaikorero_0.wav
homelike_0	homelike	hoʊmˌlaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homelike_0.wav
gangue_0	gangue	ɡæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangue_0.wav
petroglyph_0	petroglyph	pɛtrəˌɡlɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petroglyph_0.wav
pertinacity_0	pertinacity	ˌpɜrtənæsəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pertinacity_0.wav
shredder_0	shredder	ʃredəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shredder_0.wav
garfield_0	garfield	ɡɑːˌfiːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garfield_0.wav
crate_1	crate	kreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crate_1.wav
liquefaction_0	liquefaction	ˌlɪkwɪfækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liquefaction_0.wav
grindelia_0	grindelia	ɡrɪndiːlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grindelia_0.wav
teashop_0	teashop	tiːˌʃɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teashop_0.wav
communicate_0	communicate	kəmjuːnɪkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/communicate_0.wav
inductive_1	inductive	ɪndʌktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inductive_1.wav
kiddie_0	kiddie	kɪdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kiddie_0.wav
fidelism_0	fidelism	fiːdɛlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fidelism_0.wav
commissariat_0	commissariat	kɒmɪseəriət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commissariat_0.wav
smattering_0	smattering	smætərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smattering_0.wav
chording_0	chording	kɔːdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chording_0.wav
hemophiliac_0	hemophiliac	hiːməfɪliæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemophiliac_0.wav
airscrew_0	airscrew	ɛəˌskruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/airscrew_0.wav
reinforce_0	reinforce	riːɪnfɔːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reinforce_0.wav
berenice_0	berenice	ˌbɛrənaɪˌsiz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berenice_0.wav
fraternize_0	fraternize	frætəʳnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fraternize_0.wav
naturalise_0	naturalise	nætʃərəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naturalise_0.wav
yankeedom_0	yankeedom	jæŋkidəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yankeedom_0.wav
illuminated_1	illuminated	ɪluːmɪneɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illuminated_1.wav
pilates_0	pilates	pɪlɑːtiz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pilates_0.wav
thrall_0	thrall	θrɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrall_0.wav
performer_0	performer	pəʳfɔːʳməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/performer_0.wav
housewifely_0	housewifely	haʊsˌwaɪflɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/housewifely_0.wav
grainfield_0	grainfield	ɡreɪnˌfiːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grainfield_0.wav
rumbustious_1	rumbustious	rʌmbʌstʃuəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rumbustious_1.wav
boy_0	boy	bɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boy_0.wav
concessionaire_0	concessionaire	kənseʃəneəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concessionaire_0.wav
perinatal_0	perinatal	perineɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perinatal_0.wav
zealous_0	zealous	zeləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zealous_0.wav
potteries_0	potteries	pɒtərɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potteries_0.wav
legit_0	legit	lədʒɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/legit_0.wav
intoxicant_0	intoxicant	ɪntɒksɪkənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intoxicant_0.wav
burglary_0	burglary	bɜːʳgləri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burglary_0.wav
foetus_0	foetus	fiːtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foetus_0.wav
curitiba_0	curitiba	ˌkʊərɪtiːbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curitiba_0.wav
özal_0	özal	əʊzɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/öz/özal_0.wav
lima_0	lima	liːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lima_0.wav
verruca_0	verruca	vəruːkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/verruca_0.wav
lapis_0	lapis	læpɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lapis_0.wav
intrepid_0	intrepid	ɪntrepɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intrepid_0.wav
hoodlum_0	hoodlum	huːdləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoodlum_0.wav
palm_1	palm	pɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palm_1.wav
fill_1	fill	fɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fill_1.wav
gun_1	gun	gʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gun_1.wav
faze_0	faze	feɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faze_0.wav
high-test_0	high-test	haɪˌtɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/high-test_0.wav
hark_0	hark	hɑːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hark_0.wav
udometer_0	udometer	juːdɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ud/udometer_0.wav
accad_0	accad	ækæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accad_0.wav
fetterlock_0	fetterlock	fɛtəˌlɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fetterlock_0.wav
israeli_0	israeli	ɪzreɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/israeli_0.wav
subzero_0	subzero	sʌbzɪəroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subzero_0.wav
turquoise_0	turquoise	tɜːʳkwɔɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turquoise_0.wav
osmious_0	osmious	ɒzmɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/osmious_0.wav
everyone_0	everyone	evriwʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/everyone_0.wav
spree_0	spree	spriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spree_0.wav
infantilism_0	infantilism	ɪnfæntɪˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infantilism_0.wav
thatched_0	thatched	θætʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thatched_0.wav
habilitate_0	habilitate	həbɪlɪˌteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/habilitate_0.wav
fening_0	fening	fɛnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fening_0.wav
capa_0	capa	kæpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capa_0.wav
kidult_0	kidult	kɪdʌlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kidult_0.wav
syzygy_0	syzygy	sɪzɪdʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syzygy_0.wav
cardioplegia_0	cardioplegia	ˌkɑːdɪəʊpliːdʒɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardioplegia_0.wav
botulin_0	botulin	bɒtjʊlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/botulin_0.wav
lymphocytopenia_0	lymphocytopenia	ˌlɪmfəʊˌsaɪtəʊpiːnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lymphocytopenia_0.wav
mooch_1	mooch	muːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mooch_1.wav
accordant_0	accordant	əkɔːdənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accordant_0.wav
fixedly_0	fixedly	fɪksɪdli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fixedly_0.wav
marsalis_0	marsalis	mɑːsɑːlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marsalis_0.wav
regicide_0	regicide	redʒɪsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/regicide_0.wav
normalization_0	normalization	ˌnɔːməlaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/normalization_0.wav
fuzzy-wuzzy_0	fuzzy-wuzzy	fʌzɪˌwʌzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fuzzy-wuzzy_0.wav
purdah_0	purdah	pɜːʳdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purdah_0.wav
rawlplug_0	rawlplug	rɔːlplʌɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rawlplug_0.wav
trustful_0	trustful	trʌstfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trustful_0.wav
moss-grown_0	moss-grown	mɔsˌgroʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moss-grown_0.wav
baffies_0	baffies	bæfɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baffies_0.wav
tetchy_0	tetchy	tetʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tetchy_0.wav
aster_0	aster	æstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/aster_0.wav
unaccompanied_0	unaccompanied	ʌnəkʌmpənid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unaccompanied_0.wav
transferral_0	transferral	ˌtrænsfɛrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transferral_0.wav
cotenant_0	cotenant	kəʊtɛnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cotenant_0.wav
wide_0	wide	waɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wide_0.wav
protonymph_0	protonymph	proʊtəˌnɪmf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protonymph_0.wav
destine_0	destine	dɛstɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/destine_0.wav
bridgwater_0	bridgwater	brɪdʒˌwɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bridgwater_0.wav
cabomba_0	cabomba	kəbɒmbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cabomba_0.wav
neuraminidase_0	neuraminidase	ˌnjʊərəmɪnɪdeɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neuraminidase_0.wav
hart_0	hart	hɑːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hart_0.wav
self-executing_0	self-executing	sɛlfɛksɪˌkjutɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-executing_0.wav
overclothes_0	overclothes	oʊvərˌkloʊðz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overclothes_0.wav
irremovable_0	irremovable	ˌɪrɪmuːvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irremovable_0.wav
power_0	power	paʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/power_0.wav
pyridoxine_0	pyridoxine	ˌpɪrɪdɒksiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyridoxine_0.wav
hydrophyte_0	hydrophyte	haɪdrəʊˌfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrophyte_0.wav
coedit_0	coedit	kəʊɛdɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coedit_0.wav
capers_0	capers	keɪpəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capers_0.wav
realm_0	realm	relm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/realm_0.wav
scandaroon_0	scandaroon	ˌskændəruːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scandaroon_0.wav
tedious_0	tedious	tiːdiəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tedious_0.wav
ingo_0	ingo	ɪnɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ingo_0.wav
dae_0	dae	de	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dae_0.wav
billfold_0	billfold	bɪlfoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/billfold_0.wav
lava-lava_0	lava-lava	lɑvəlɑvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lava-lava_0.wav
rise_1	rise	raɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rise_1.wav
appropriation_0	appropriation	əproʊprieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appropriation_0.wav
incept_0	incept	ɪnsɛpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incept_0.wav
quotidian_1	quotidian	kwoʊtɪdiən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quotidian_1.wav
bipod_0	bipod	baɪpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bipod_0.wav
wrack_1	wrack	ræk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrack_1.wav
codpiece_0	codpiece	kɒdpiːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/codpiece_0.wav
apian_0	apian	eɪpɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apian_0.wav
dizzying_0	dizzying	dɪziɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dizzying_0.wav
settled_0	settled	setəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/settled_0.wav
eolith_0	eolith	iːəʊˌlɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eo/eolith_0.wav
london_0	london	lʌndən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/london_0.wav
count_0	count	kaʊnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/count_0.wav
kweilin_0	kweilin	kweɪlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kw/kweilin_0.wav
simba_0	simba	sɪmbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/simba_0.wav
slew_0	slew	sluː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slew_0.wav
unfussy_0	unfussy	ʌnfʌsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfussy_0.wav
racial_0	racial	reɪʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/racial_0.wav
bonaci_0	bonaci	bəneɪsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonaci_0.wav
wantaway_0	wantaway	wɒntəˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wantaway_0.wav
scuttlebutt_0	scuttlebutt	skʌtəlbʌt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scuttlebutt_0.wav
politician_0	politician	pɒlɪtɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/politician_0.wav
wych-elm_0	wych-elm	wɪtʃˌɛlm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wy/wych-elm_0.wav
wyeth_0	wyeth	waɪəθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wy/wyeth_0.wav
fasciculus_0	fasciculus	fəsɪkjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fasciculus_0.wav
midtown_0	midtown	mɪdtaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midtown_0.wav
anvers_0	anvers	ɑ̃vɛr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anvers_0.wav
opacity_1	opacity	oʊpæsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opacity_1.wav
part-timer_0	part-timer	pɑrttaɪmər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/part-timer_0.wav
prion_0	prion	praɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prion_0.wav
citify_0	citify	sɪtɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/citify_0.wav
bashibazouk_0	bashibazouk	ˌbæʃɪbəzuːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bashibazouk_0.wav
groves_0	groves	ɡrəʊvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/groves_0.wav
palinopsia_0	palinopsia	ˌpælɪnɒpsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palinopsia_0.wav
prudery_0	prudery	pruːdəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prudery_0.wav
polished_0	polished	pɒlɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polished_0.wav
capri_0	capri	kəpriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capri_0.wav
obstruct_0	obstruct	ɒbstrʌkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obstruct_0.wav
koru_0	koru	kɒruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/koru_0.wav
expensive_0	expensive	ɪkspensɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expensive_0.wav
plagal_0	plagal	pleɪɡəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plagal_0.wav
mussel_0	mussel	mʌsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mussel_0.wav
socket_0	socket	sɒkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/socket_0.wav
horntail_0	horntail	hɔːnˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horntail_0.wav
nab_1	nab	næb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nab_1.wav
lickety-split_0	lickety-split	lɪkətisplɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lickety-split_0.wav
tipsy_0	tipsy	tɪpsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tipsy_0.wav
cephalothorax_0	cephalothorax	ˌsɛfələʊθɔːræks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cephalothorax_0.wav
euhemerism_0	euhemerism	juːhiːməˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euhemerism_0.wav
afterpiece_0	afterpiece	ɑːftəˌpiːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/afterpiece_0.wav
ursiform_0	ursiform	ɜːsɪˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/ursiform_0.wav
beringia_0	beringia	bərɪndʒiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beringia_0.wav
bandmaster_0	bandmaster	bændˌmɑːstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandmaster_0.wav
evapotranspiration_0	evapotranspiration	ɪˌvæpəʊˌtrænspəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evapotranspiration_0.wav
memorable_0	memorable	memərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/memorable_0.wav
sweetening_0	sweetening	swiːtənɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweetening_0.wav
manikin_0	manikin	mænɪkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manikin_0.wav
ice-skating_0	ice-skating	aɪsˌskeɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/ice-skating_0.wav
strap_0	strap	stræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strap_0.wav
alpaca_1	alpaca	ælpækə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alpaca_1.wav
cumulate_0	cumulate	kjuːmjʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cumulate_0.wav
relentless_1	relentless	rɪlentləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relentless_1.wav
nephroscope_0	nephroscope	nɛfrəˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nephroscope_0.wav
bearable_0	bearable	beərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bearable_0.wav
maceral_0	maceral	mæsərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maceral_0.wav
bloomer_0	bloomer	bluːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bloomer_0.wav
faddism_0	faddism	fædˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faddism_0.wav
bucket_0	bucket	bʌkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bucket_0.wav
roostertail_0	roostertail	rustərˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roostertail_0.wav
sigmoid_0	sigmoid	sɪɡmɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sigmoid_0.wav
neck_0	neck	nek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neck_0.wav
lévy-bruhl_0	lévy-bruhl	levibrul	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lé/lévy-bruhl_0.wav
ugandan_0	ugandan	juːgændən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ug/ugandan_0.wav
thrombokinase_0	thrombokinase	ˌθrɒmbəʊkaɪneɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrombokinase_0.wav
darvon_0	darvon	dɑrˌvɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/darvon_0.wav
tryke_0	tryke	traɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tryke_0.wav
shorebird_0	shorebird	ʃɔrˌbɜrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shorebird_0.wav
bredie_0	bredie	briːdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bredie_0.wav
sheppey_0	sheppey	ʃɛpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sheppey_0.wav
excerpt_0	excerpt	eksɜːʳpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excerpt_0.wav
oxyhemoglobin_0	oxyhemoglobin	ˌɑksɪhimoʊˌgloʊbɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ox/oxyhemoglobin_0.wav
darb_0	darb	dɑːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/darb_0.wav
kneepad_0	kneepad	niːˌpæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/kneepad_0.wav
conceptus_0	conceptus	kɒnsɛptəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conceptus_0.wav
shaker_0	shaker	ʃeɪkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shaker_0.wav
otago_0	otago	ɒtɑːɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ot/otago_0.wav
ratfish_0	ratfish	rætˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ratfish_0.wav
laddish_0	laddish	lædɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laddish_0.wav
degearing_0	degearing	diːɡɪərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/degearing_0.wav
samoan_0	samoan	səməʊən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/samoan_0.wav
pugging_0	pugging	pʌɡɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pugging_0.wav
coordinal_0	coordinal	kəʊɔːdɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coordinal_0.wav
cordite_0	cordite	kɔːʳdaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cordite_0.wav
audible_0	audible	ɔːdɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/audible_0.wav
coadjutant_0	coadjutant	kəʊædʒətənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coadjutant_0.wav
drapes_0	drapes	dreɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drapes_0.wav
disclose_1	disclose	dɪskloʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disclose_1.wav
championship_0	championship	tʃæmpiənʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/championship_0.wav
collective_1	collective	kəlektɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/collective_1.wav
faitour_0	faitour	feɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faitour_0.wav
gdynia_0	gdynia	ɡdɪɲa	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gd/gdynia_0.wav
ancipital_0	ancipital	ænsɪpɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/ancipital_0.wav
vinci_0	vinci	vɪntʃɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vinci_0.wav
blood_0	blood	blʌd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blood_0.wav
stipulation_0	stipulation	ˌstɪpjəleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stipulation_0.wav
crile_0	crile	kraɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crile_0.wav
ejectment_0	ejectment	ɪdʒɛktmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ej/ejectment_0.wav
specificity_0	specificity	ˌspɛsəfɪsəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/specificity_0.wav
qum_0	qum	kʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/qum_0.wav
pressurize_0	pressurize	preʃəraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pressurize_0.wav
woeful_0	woeful	woʊfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woeful_0.wav
telecommute_0	telecommute	tɛlɪkəˌmjuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telecommute_0.wav
occidentalize_0	occidentalize	ˌɒksɪdɛntəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occidentalize_0.wav
transvaaler_0	transvaaler	trænzvɑːlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transvaaler_0.wav
dollarization_0	dollarization	ˌdɒləraɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dollarization_0.wav
sugared_0	sugared	ʃʊɡəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sugared_0.wav
daylights_0	daylights	deɪlaɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daylights_0.wav
ignatius_0	ignatius	ɪɡneɪʃɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ig/ignatius_0.wav
baal_0	baal	bɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baal_0.wav
alight_0	alight	əlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alight_0.wav
stannite_0	stannite	stænaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stannite_0.wav
blastocyst_0	blastocyst	blæstəʊˌsɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blastocyst_0.wav
omani_0	omani	əʊmɑːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/om/omani_0.wav
pachymeningitis_0	pachymeningitis	ˌpækɪˌmɛnɪndʒaɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pachymeningitis_0.wav
nummary_0	nummary	nʌmərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nummary_0.wav
ohms_0	ohms	oʊ eɪtʃ em es	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oh/ohms_0.wav
jos_0	jos	dʒɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jos_0.wav
yohimbine_0	yohimbine	jəʊhɪmbiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/yohimbine_0.wav
septentrion_0	septentrion	sɛptɛntrɪˌɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/septentrion_0.wav
subspecies_0	subspecies	sʌbspiʃiz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subspecies_0.wav
oho_0	oho	əʊhəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oh/oho_0.wav
fallout_0	fallout	fɔːlaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fallout_0.wav
agonistic_0	agonistic	ˌæɡənɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agonistic_0.wav
hansa_0	hansa	hænsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hansa_0.wav
stroy_0	stroy	strɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stroy_0.wav
biedermeier_0	biedermeier	biːdəˌmaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biedermeier_0.wav
spermous_0	spermous	spɜːməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spermous_0.wav
self-proclaimed_0	self-proclaimed	sɛlfproʊkleɪmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-proclaimed_0.wav
malihini_0	malihini	ˌmɑːlɪhiːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malihini_0.wav
cache_0	cache	kæʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cache_0.wav
disadvantageous_0	disadvantageous	dɪsædvənteɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disadvantageous_0.wav
shew_1	shew	ʃəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shew_1.wav
fluted_0	fluted	fluːtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluted_0.wav
houndfish_0	houndfish	haʊndˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/houndfish_0.wav
vassal_0	vassal	væsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vassal_0.wav
antonius_0	antonius	æntəʊnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antonius_0.wav
sprawled_0	sprawled	sprɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprawled_0.wav
boll_0	boll	bəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boll_0.wav
miniscule_0	miniscule	mɪnɪˌskjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miniscule_0.wav
callaghan_0	callaghan	kæləˌhæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/callaghan_0.wav
runaway_0	runaway	rʌnəweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/runaway_0.wav
banc_0	banc	bæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/banc_0.wav
bosom_0	bosom	bʊzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bosom_0.wav
palladium_0	palladium	pəleɪdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palladium_0.wav
silver-gray_0	silver-gray	sɪlvərgreɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/silver-gray_0.wav
miscreant_0	miscreant	mɪskriənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miscreant_0.wav
propylthiouracil_0	propylthiouracil	ˌprəʊpɪlˌθaɪəʊjʊərəsɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propylthiouracil_0.wav
sealery_0	sealery	siːlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sealery_0.wav
notour_0	notour	nəʊtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/notour_0.wav
palaeoanthropology_0	palaeoanthropology	ˌpælɪəʊˌænθrəpɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palaeoanthropology_0.wav
shortcoming_0	shortcoming	ʃɔːʳtkʌmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shortcoming_0.wav
bonkbuster_0	bonkbuster	bɒŋkˌbʌstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonkbuster_0.wav
cahier_0	cahier	kaje	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cahier_0.wav
oriya_0	oriya	ɒriːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/oriya_0.wav
pigtail_0	pigtail	pɪgteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pigtail_0.wav
improve_0	improve	ɪmpruːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/improve_0.wav
effulgent_0	effulgent	ɪfʌldʒənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effulgent_0.wav
haemorrhoidectomy_0	haemorrhoidectomy	ˌhɛmərɔɪdɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haemorrhoidectomy_0.wav
trapline_0	trapline	træpˌlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trapline_0.wav
blub_0	blub	blʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blub_0.wav
anthotaxy_0	anthotaxy	ænθəˌtæksɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthotaxy_0.wav
katzenjammer_0	katzenjammer	kætsənˌdʒæmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/katzenjammer_0.wav
liquidize_0	liquidize	lɪkwɪdaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liquidize_0.wav
haymaker_0	haymaker	heɪˌmeɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haymaker_0.wav
accumulator_0	accumulator	əkjuːmjʊˌleɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accumulator_0.wav
molding_0	molding	moʊldɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molding_0.wav
smoodge_0	smoodge	smuːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smoodge_0.wav
youthful_0	youthful	juːθfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/youthful_0.wav
discussion_1	discussion	dɪskʌʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discussion_1.wav
shakedown_0	shakedown	ʃeɪkdaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shakedown_0.wav
cerebrotonia_0	cerebrotonia	ˌsɛrɪbrəʊtəʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cerebrotonia_0.wav
eyrir_0	eyrir	eɪrɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyrir_0.wav
carvacrol_0	carvacrol	kɑːvəˌkrɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carvacrol_0.wav
theomorphic_0	theomorphic	ˌθɪəmɔːfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theomorphic_0.wav
portion_0	portion	pɔːʳʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/portion_0.wav
cantata_1	cantata	kæntɑːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cantata_1.wav
photoacoustic_0	photoacoustic	ˌfoʊtoʊəkustɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photoacoustic_0.wav
expiration_0	expiration	ekspɪreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expiration_0.wav
sidewall_0	sidewall	saɪdˌwɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sidewall_0.wav
travelator_0	travelator	trævəˌleɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/travelator_0.wav
logaoedic_0	logaoedic	in classical prosody ˌlɒɡəiːdɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/logaoedic_0.wav
luna_0	luna	luːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/luna_0.wav
emblazonry_0	emblazonry	ɪmbleɪzənrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emblazonry_0.wav
crisscross_0	crisscross	krɪsˌkrɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crisscross_0.wav
sikkimese_0	sikkimese	ˌsɪkɪmiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sikkimese_0.wav
caboodle_0	caboodle	kəbuːdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caboodle_0.wav
goods_0	goods	gʊdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goods_0.wav
schizo_0	schizo	skɪtsəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schizo_0.wav
disaffiliate_0	disaffiliate	ˌdɪsəfɪlɪˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disaffiliate_0.wav
thereinafter_0	thereinafter	ˌðɛərɪnɑːftə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thereinafter_0.wav
skewbald_0	skewbald	skjuːˌbɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skewbald_0.wav
neddy_0	neddy	nɛdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neddy_0.wav
neurolysis_0	neurolysis	njʊərɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neurolysis_0.wav
towering_0	towering	taʊərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/towering_0.wav
eight_1	eight	eɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eight_1.wav
obstruent_0	obstruent	ɒbstrʊənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obstruent_0.wav
allhallowtide_0	allhallowtide	ˌɔːlhæləʊˌtaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/allhallowtide_0.wav
ceramic_0	ceramic	sɪræmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/ceramic_0.wav
truly_0	truly	truːli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truly_0.wav
hekla_0	hekla	hɛklə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hekla_0.wav
shouldst_1	shouldst	ʃʊdst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shouldst_1.wav
germane_1	germane	dʒɜːʳmeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/germane_1.wav
yum_1	yum	jʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yum_1.wav
kariba_0	kariba	kəriːbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kariba_0.wav
becalm_0	becalm	bɪkɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/becalm_0.wav
childhood_0	childhood	tʃaɪldhʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/childhood_0.wav
abjure_1	abjure	æbdʒʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abjure_1.wav
adr_0	adr	ˌeɪˌdiɑr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adr_0.wav
musicale_0	musicale	ˌmjuːzɪkɑːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/musicale_0.wav
lives_1	lives	laɪvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lives_1.wav
underwing_0	underwing	ʌndəˌwɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underwing_0.wav
hydroelectric_0	hydroelectric	haɪdroʊɪlektrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydroelectric_0.wav
exactly_1	exactly	ɪgzæktli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exactly_1.wav
charge_0	charge	tʃɑːʳdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charge_0.wav
bylane_0	bylane	baɪˌleɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/by/bylane_0.wav
ulotrichous_0	ulotrichous	juːlɒtrɪkəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ulotrichous_0.wav
incentivize_0	incentivize	ɪnsɛntɪˌvaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incentivize_0.wav
approximately_1	approximately	əprɒksɪmɪtlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approximately_1.wav
incandesce_0	incandesce	ˌɪnkændɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incandesce_0.wav
weelkes_0	weelkes	wiːlks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weelkes_0.wav
mongoose_0	mongoose	mɒŋˌɡuːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mongoose_0.wav
premeditated_0	premeditated	priːmedɪteɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/premeditated_0.wav
pacific_0	pacific	pəsɪfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pacific_0.wav
choose_1	choose	tʃuːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/choose_1.wav
airfare_0	airfare	eəʳfeʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/airfare_0.wav
prelexical_0	prelexical	priːlɛksɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prelexical_0.wav
handpass_0	handpass	hændˌpɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handpass_0.wav
cuddly_0	cuddly	kʌdəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuddly_0.wav
digital_0	digital	dɪdʒɪtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digital_0.wav
handheld_0	handheld	hændhɛld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handheld_0.wav
chadri_0	chadri	tʃædriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chadri_0.wav
kirkcaldy_0	kirkcaldy	kɜːkɔːdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kirkcaldy_0.wav
gather_0	gather	gæðəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gather_0.wav
maladjustive_0	maladjustive	ˌmælədʒʌstɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maladjustive_0.wav
inward-looking_0	inward-looking	ɪnwədˌlʊkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inward-looking_0.wav
jizz_0	jizz	dʒɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jizz_0.wav
chai_1	chai	tʃaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chai_1.wav
shlump_0	shlump	ʃlʊmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shlump_0.wav
submersible_0	submersible	səbmɜːʳsɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/submersible_0.wav
cross-dressing_0	cross-dressing	krɔsˌdrɛsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cross-dressing_0.wav
blurb_0	blurb	blɜːʳb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blurb_0.wav
opisthosoma_0	opisthosoma	ɒˌpɪsθəsəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opisthosoma_0.wav
intendment_0	intendment	ɪntɛndmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intendment_0.wav
affranchise_0	affranchise	əfræntʃaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affranchise_0.wav
atomism_0	atomism	ætəˌmɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atomism_0.wav
celaeno_0	celaeno	sɛliːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/celaeno_0.wav
devanagari_0	devanagari	ˌdeɪvənɑːɡərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devanagari_0.wav
singspiel_0	singspiel	zɪŋʃpiːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/singspiel_0.wav
gasiform_0	gasiform	ɡæsɪˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gasiform_0.wav
bald_0	bald	bɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bald_0.wav
gonopod_0	gonopod	ɡɒnəʊˌpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gonopod_0.wav
disgustful_0	disgustful	dɪsɡʌstfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disgustful_0.wav
tropism_0	tropism	trəʊpɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tropism_0.wav
polytrophic_0	polytrophic	ˌpɒlɪtrɒfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polytrophic_0.wav
nimblewit_0	nimblewit	nɪmbəlˌwɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nimblewit_0.wav
tacitus_0	tacitus	tæsɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tacitus_0.wav
personify_0	personify	pəʳsɒnɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/personify_0.wav
isthmus_0	isthmus	ɪsməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isthmus_0.wav
misspend_0	misspend	mɪsspend	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misspend_0.wav
savour_0	savour	seɪvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savour_0.wav
breakfront_0	breakfront	breɪkˌfrʌnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breakfront_0.wav
bonnet_0	bonnet	bɒnɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonnet_0.wav
transudate_0	transudate	trænsʊˌdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transudate_0.wav
chorography_0	chorography	kɒrɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chorography_0.wav
deep-seated_0	deep-seated	dipˌsitɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deep-seated_0.wav
tufa_0	tufa	tjuːfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tufa_0.wav
scrooge_0	scrooge	skruːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrooge_0.wav
oddment_0	oddment	ɒdmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/od/oddment_0.wav
photocopier_0	photocopier	foʊtoʊkɒpiəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photocopier_0.wav
maggoty_0	maggoty	mæɡətɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maggoty_0.wav
whicker_0	whicker	wɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whicker_0.wav
tutelary_0	tutelary	tjuːtɪlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tutelary_0.wav
gorillagram_0	gorillagram	ɡərɪləˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gorillagram_0.wav
cavalla_0	cavalla	kəvælə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cavalla_0.wav
galvo_0	galvo	ɡælvəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galvo_0.wav
fledge_0	fledge	flɛdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fledge_0.wav
ineluctable_0	ineluctable	ɪnɪlʌktəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ineluctable_0.wav
cotman_0	cotman	kɒtmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cotman_0.wav
limescale_0	limescale	laɪmskeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/limescale_0.wav
revealing_0	revealing	rɪviːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/revealing_0.wav
referent_0	referent	rɛfərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/referent_0.wav
throes_0	throes	θroʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/throes_0.wav
phonemics_0	phonemics	fəniːmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phonemics_0.wav
furfuraldehyde_0	furfuraldehyde	ˌfɜːfjərældəˌhaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furfuraldehyde_0.wav
zetland_0	zetland	zɛtlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zetland_0.wav
reverential_0	reverential	revərenʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reverential_0.wav
southwell_0	southwell	saʊθwɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/southwell_0.wav
dayboy_0	dayboy	deɪˌbɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dayboy_0.wav
anacoluthon_0	anacoluthon	ˌænəkəluːθɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anacoluthon_0.wav
thapsus_0	thapsus	θæpsəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thapsus_0.wav
hands-on_0	hands-on	hændzɑn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hands-on_0.wav
uniramous_0	uniramous	ˌjuːnɪreɪməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uniramous_0.wav
opine_1	opine	oʊpaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opine_1.wav
mudguard_0	mudguard	mʌdgɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mudguard_0.wav
nutmeat_0	nutmeat	nʌtˌmiːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nutmeat_0.wav
superheterodyne_0	superheterodyne	ˌsupərhɛtərəˌdaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superheterodyne_0.wav
sarcoidosis_0	sarcoidosis	ˌsɑːkɔɪdəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sarcoidosis_0.wav
disordered_0	disordered	dɪsɔːʳdəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disordered_0.wav
gloat_1	gloat	gloʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/gloat_1.wav
she_0	she	ʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/she_0.wav
profound_0	profound	prəfaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/profound_0.wav
bejewel_0	bejewel	bɪdʒuːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bejewel_0.wav
ministroke_0	ministroke	ˌmɪnɪstrəʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/ministroke_0.wav
slimsy_0	slimsy	slɪmzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slimsy_0.wav
plumed_0	plumed	pluːmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plumed_0.wav
boletus_0	boletus	bəʊliːtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boletus_0.wav
recessive_1	recessive	rɪsesɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recessive_1.wav
hypostyle_0	hypostyle	haɪpəʊˌstaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypostyle_0.wav
ravenous_0	ravenous	rævənəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ravenous_0.wav
ebola_0	ebola	ɪbəʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eb/ebola_0.wav
victorious_0	victorious	vɪktɔːriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/victorious_0.wav
heptane_0	heptane	hɛpteɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heptane_0.wav
aftershaft_0	aftershaft	ɑːftəˌʃɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/aftershaft_0.wav
thus_0	thus	ðʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thus_0.wav
don_2	don	dɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/don_2.wav
kitsch_0	kitsch	kɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kitsch_0.wav
assembler_0	assembler	əsembləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assembler_0.wav
aldridge-brownhills_0	aldridge-brownhills	ɔːldrɪdʒbraʊnˌhɪlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aldridge-brownhills_0.wav
ohp_0	ohp	oʊ eɪtʃ piː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oh/ohp_0.wav
interlace_0	interlace	ˌɪntəleɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interlace_0.wav
ceauşescu_0	ceauşescu	tʃaʊʃɛskuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/ceauşescu_0.wav
brandywine_0	brandywine	brændiˌwaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brandywine_0.wav
unto_0	unto	ʌntu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unto_0.wav
expertise_0	expertise	ekspɜːʳtiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expertise_0.wav
shard_0	shard	ʃɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shard_0.wav
ilk_0	ilk	ɪlk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/ilk_0.wav
racily_0	racily	reɪsəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/racily_0.wav
armourer_0	armourer	ɑːʳmərəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/armourer_0.wav
ptolemy_0	ptolemy	tɒlɪmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pt/ptolemy_0.wav
croze_0	croze	krəʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croze_0.wav
macrocephaly_0	macrocephaly	ˌmækrəʊsɛfəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macrocephaly_0.wav
geologist_0	geologist	dʒiɑlədʒɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geologist_0.wav
qi_0	qi	tʃiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qi/qi_0.wav
tulle_0	tulle	tjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tulle_0.wav
athermanous_0	athermanous	æθɜːmənəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athermanous_0.wav
larwood_0	larwood	lɑːwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/larwood_0.wav
raptor_0	raptor	ræptəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/raptor_0.wav
maneuver_1	maneuver	mənuːvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maneuver_1.wav
resurgence_0	resurgence	rɪsɜːʳdʒəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resurgence_0.wav
stroke_0	stroke	stroʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stroke_0.wav
unstriped_0	unstriped	ʌnstraɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unstriped_0.wav
unlatch_0	unlatch	ʌnlætʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unlatch_0.wav
nighttime_0	nighttime	naɪtˌtaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nighttime_0.wav
genip_0	genip	dʒɛnɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/genip_0.wav
enlightened_1	enlightened	ɪnlaɪtənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enlightened_1.wav
ribozyme_0	ribozyme	raɪbəʊˌzaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ribozyme_0.wav
zoster_0	zoster	zɒstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zo/zoster_0.wav
dewater_0	dewater	diːwɔːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dewater_0.wav
fastie_0	fastie	fɑːstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fastie_0.wav
horseplayer_0	horseplayer	hɔːsˌpleɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horseplayer_0.wav
apostate_0	apostate	əpɒsteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apostate_0.wav
piscine_0	piscine	pɪsaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piscine_0.wav
protectionism_0	protectionism	prətekʃənɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protectionism_0.wav
squamate_0	squamate	skweɪˌmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squamate_0.wav
greensand_0	greensand	ɡriːnˌsænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greensand_0.wav
stylised_0	stylised	staɪlaɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stylised_0.wav
lift_1	lift	lɪft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lift_1.wav
osijek_0	osijek	ɔsijɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/osijek_0.wav
massinger_0	massinger	mæsɪndʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/massinger_0.wav
snap_0	snap	snæp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snap_0.wav
gusset_0	gusset	ɡʌsɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gusset_0.wav
duchess_0	duchess	dʌtʃɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duchess_0.wav
sage_1	sage	seɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sage_1.wav
stride_0	stride	straɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stride_0.wav
indaba_0	indaba	ɪndɑːbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indaba_0.wav
fleece_1	fleece	fliːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fleece_1.wav
granddaughter_0	granddaughter	grændɔːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/granddaughter_0.wav
urokinase_0	urokinase	ˌjʊərəʊkaɪneɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/urokinase_0.wav
antics_0	antics	æntɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antics_0.wav
broadly_0	broadly	brɔːdli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broadly_0.wav
fungus_0	fungus	fʌŋgəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fungus_0.wav
potholing_0	potholing	pɒthoʊlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potholing_0.wav
feeder_0	feeder	fiːdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feeder_0.wav
dependable_0	dependable	dɪpendəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dependable_0.wav
thermolysis_0	thermolysis	θɜːmɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermolysis_0.wav
inferencing_0	inferencing	ɪnfərənsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inferencing_0.wav
matagouri_0	matagouri	ˌmætəɡuːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matagouri_0.wav
listeria_0	listeria	lɪstɪəriə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/listeria_0.wav
brasilein_0	brasilein	brəzɪlɪɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brasilein_0.wav
anatomist_1	anatomist	ənætəmɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anatomist_1.wav
datcha_0	datcha	dætʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/datcha_0.wav
wainscoting_0	wainscoting	weɪnskətɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wainscoting_0.wav
uintathere_0	uintathere	juːɪntəˌθɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ui/uintathere_0.wav
wire_0	wire	waɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wire_0.wav
datura_0	datura	dətjʊərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/datura_0.wav
revegetate_0	revegetate	riːvɛdʒɪˌteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/revegetate_0.wav
participant_1	participant	pɑːʳtɪsɪpənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/participant_1.wav
plaided_0	plaided	plædɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plaided_0.wav
anthologize_0	anthologize	ænθɒləˌdʒaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthologize_0.wav
variometer_0	variometer	ˌvɛərɪɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/variometer_0.wav
acid-forming_0	acid-forming	æsɪdˌfɔrmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acid-forming_0.wav
remains_1	remains	rɪmeɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remains_1.wav
snowmelt_0	snowmelt	snəʊˌmɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snowmelt_0.wav
epidemic_0	epidemic	epɪdemɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epidemic_0.wav
imponent_0	imponent	ɪmpəʊnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imponent_0.wav
marilyn_0	marilyn	mærəlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marilyn_0.wav
schlump_0	schlump	ʃlʊmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schlump_0.wav
flower_0	flower	flaʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flower_0.wav
delude_1	delude	dɪluːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/delude_1.wav
benefactress_0	benefactress	bɛnəˌfæktrɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/benefactress_0.wav
technetium_0	technetium	tɛkniːʃɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technetium_0.wav
subjoin_0	subjoin	sʌbdʒɔɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subjoin_0.wav
unfavourable_0	unfavourable	ʌnfeɪvərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfavourable_0.wav
gorbals_0	gorbals	ɡɔːbəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gorbals_0.wav
woodward_0	woodward	wʊdwəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodward_0.wav
prayer_0	prayer	preəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prayer_0.wav
troublous_0	troublous	trʌbləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troublous_0.wav
duff_1	duff	dʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duff_1.wav
livonian_0	livonian	lɪvəʊnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livonian_0.wav
obstetrician_0	obstetrician	ɒbstətrɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obstetrician_0.wav
grig_0	grig	ɡrɪɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grig_0.wav
epirogeny_0	epirogeny	ˌɛpaɪrɒdʒɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epirogeny_0.wav
feasance_0	feasance	fiːzəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feasance_0.wav
rowdyism_0	rowdyism	raʊdɪɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rowdyism_0.wav
nuristan_0	nuristan	ˌnʊərɪstɑːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nuristan_0.wav
venepuncture_0	venepuncture	vɛnɪˌpʌŋktʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venepuncture_0.wav
lactogenic_0	lactogenic	ˌlæktədʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lactogenic_0.wav
gunman_0	gunman	gʌnmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunman_0.wav
spheral_0	spheral	sfɪərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spheral_0.wav
two-legged_0	two-legged	tuːˌlɛɡɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/two-legged_0.wav
elm_0	elm	elm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elm_0.wav
cardphone_0	cardphone	kɑːdfəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cardphone_0.wav
torn_0	torn	tɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/torn_0.wav
godling_0	godling	ɡɒdlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/godling_0.wav
livebearer_0	livebearer	laɪvˌbɛrər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livebearer_0.wav
concentration_0	concentration	kɒnsəntreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concentration_0.wav
fanlight_0	fanlight	fænlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fanlight_0.wav
resuscitate_1	resuscitate	rɪsʌsɪteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resuscitate_1.wav
bonhomie_0	bonhomie	bɒnəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonhomie_0.wav
aggrade_0	aggrade	əɡreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aggrade_0.wav
tail_1	tail	teɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tail_1.wav
leak_1	leak	liːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leak_1.wav
twinning_0	twinning	twɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twinning_0.wav
hypatia_0	hypatia	haɪpeɪʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypatia_0.wav
johannes_0	johannes	dʒəʊhæniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/johannes_0.wav
wilt_0	wilt	wɪlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wilt_0.wav
lan_1	lan	læn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lan_1.wav
abolish_0	abolish	əbɒlɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abolish_0.wav
antonym_0	antonym	æntənɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antonym_0.wav
tamarin_0	tamarin	tæmərɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tamarin_0.wav
diallage_0	diallage	daɪəlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diallage_0.wav
unlovable_0	unlovable	ʌnlʌvəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unlovable_0.wav
d_1	d	ˌdɒlɪvɪərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/d/d_1.wav
munchausen_0	munchausen	mynçhauzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/munchausen_0.wav
airily_0	airily	ɛərɪlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/airily_0.wav
acetaminophen_0	acetaminophen	əˌsiːtəmiːnəfɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acetaminophen_0.wav
qiana_0	qiana	kiɑnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qi/qiana_0.wav
turangawaewae_0	turangawaewae	təˌrʌŋɡəweɪweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turangawaewae_0.wav
refinance_0	refinance	riːfaɪnæns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/refinance_0.wav
cuttlebone_0	cuttlebone	kʌtəlˌbəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuttlebone_0.wav
crippen_0	crippen	krɪpən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crippen_0.wav
comprimario_0	comprimario	ˌkɒmpriːmɑːrɪəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comprimario_0.wav
pokerwork_0	pokerwork	pəʊkəˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pokerwork_0.wav
vernacularism_0	vernacularism	vənækjʊləˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vernacularism_0.wav
denaturalize_0	denaturalize	diːnætʃrəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denaturalize_0.wav
hereford_0	hereford	hɛrɪfəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hereford_0.wav
unbelieving_0	unbelieving	ʌnbɪliːvɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unbelieving_0.wav
telepherique_0	telepherique	ˌteɪleɪfeɪriːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telepherique_0.wav
mullet_0	mullet	mʌlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mullet_0.wav
square-rigged_0	square-rigged	skwɛrrɪgd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/square-rigged_0.wav
theophilus_0	theophilus	θɪɒfɪləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theophilus_0.wav
vaunt_0	vaunt	vɔːnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vaunt_0.wav
continuant_0	continuant	kəntɪnjʊənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/continuant_0.wav
agamic_0	agamic	əɡæmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agamic_0.wav
tuberculosis_0	tuberculosis	tjuːˌbɜːkjələʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tuberculosis_0.wav
bitmap_0	bitmap	bɪtmæp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bitmap_0.wav
woken_0	woken	woʊkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woken_0.wav
barista_1	barista	bərɪstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barista_1.wav
pro-am_0	pro-am	prəʊæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pro-am_0.wav
nonpoisonous_0	nonpoisonous	nɒnpɔɪzənəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonpoisonous_0.wav
pledgor_0	pledgor	plɛdʒɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pledgor_0.wav
shades_0	shades	ʃeɪdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shades_0.wav
bakunin_0	bakunin	bakunin	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bakunin_0.wav
inclination_0	inclination	ɪnklɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inclination_0.wav
infimum_0	infimum	ɪnfɪməm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infimum_0.wav
psychiatrist_0	psychiatrist	saɪkaɪətrɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psychiatrist_0.wav
gateway_0	gateway	geɪtweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gateway_0.wav
santonin_0	santonin	sæntənɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/santonin_0.wav
venezuela_0	venezuela	ˌvɛnɪzweɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/venezuela_0.wav
peninsula_1	peninsula	pənɪnsjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peninsula_1.wav
pimply_0	pimply	pɪmpli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pimply_0.wav
inexact_0	inexact	ɪnɪgzækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inexact_0.wav
worldview_0	worldview	wɜrldˌvju	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worldview_0.wav
pericope_0	pericope	pərɪkəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pericope_0.wav
organum_0	organum	ɔːɡənəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organum_0.wav
commensurate_1	commensurate	kəmensərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commensurate_1.wav
heterochromatic_0	heterochromatic	ˌhɛtərəʊkrəʊmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heterochromatic_0.wav
mayhew_0	mayhew	meɪhjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mayhew_0.wav
manganese_0	manganese	mæŋgəniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manganese_0.wav
spool_1	spool	spuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spool_1.wav
primate_0	primate	praɪmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/primate_0.wav
grasmere_0	grasmere	ɡrɑːsˌmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grasmere_0.wav
anthocarpous_0	anthocarpous	ˌænθəʊkɑːpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthocarpous_0.wav
quinn_0	quinn	kwɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quinn_0.wav
vitrification_0	vitrification	ˌvɪtrɪfɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vitrification_0.wav
reposal_0	reposal	rɪpoʊzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reposal_0.wav
postpone_1	postpone	poʊspoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/postpone_1.wav
rooted_0	rooted	ruːtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rooted_0.wav
sibling_0	sibling	sɪblɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sibling_0.wav
toun_0	toun	tuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toun_0.wav
rudd_0	rudd	rʌd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rudd_0.wav
kerria_0	kerria	kɛrɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kerria_0.wav
saliferous_0	saliferous	sælɪfərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saliferous_0.wav
pard_0	pard	pɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pard_0.wav
ascensionist_0	ascensionist	əsɛnʃənɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ascensionist_0.wav
industrial_1	industrial	ɪndʌstriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/industrial_1.wav
ahoy_0	ahoy	əhɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ah/ahoy_0.wav
unita_0	unita	juːniːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unita_0.wav
nitrochloroform_0	nitrochloroform	ˌnaɪtrəʊklɔːrəˌfɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nitrochloroform_0.wav
arterial_0	arterial	ɑːʳtɪəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arterial_0.wav
hephaestus_1	hephaestus	hɪfiːstəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hephaestus_1.wav
meddlesome_0	meddlesome	medəlsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meddlesome_0.wav
hemingwayesque_0	hemingwayesque	ˌhɛmɪŋˌweɪɛsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemingwayesque_0.wav
conchology_0	conchology	kɒŋkɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conchology_0.wav
sky_1	sky	skaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/sky_1.wav
adjust_0	adjust	ədʒʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adjust_0.wav
mmr_0	mmr	em em ɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mm/mmr_0.wav
fraughan_0	fraughan	frɒhən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fraughan_0.wav
routemarch_0	routemarch	ruːtˌmɑːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/routemarch_0.wav
fertigate_0	fertigate	fɜːtɪˌɡeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fertigate_0.wav
shoplifter_0	shoplifter	ʃɒpˌlɪftə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoplifter_0.wav
brasco_0	brasco	bræskəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brasco_0.wav
dust-up_0	dust-up	dʌstˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dust-up_0.wav
sistine_0	sistine	sɪstiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sistine_0.wav
murre_0	murre	mɜː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/murre_0.wav
bohemian_1	bohemian	boʊhiːmiən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bohemian_1.wav
prado_0	prado	prɑːdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prado_0.wav
resumption_1	resumption	rɪzʌmpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resumption_1.wav
roe_1	roe	roʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roe_1.wav
harz_0	harz	hɑːts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harz_0.wav
interbank_0	interbank	ɪntəbæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interbank_0.wav
rawboned_0	rawboned	rɔːbəʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rawboned_0.wav
gazette_0	gazette	gəzet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gazette_0.wav
put_1	put	pʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/put_1.wav
summation_0	summation	sʌmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/summation_0.wav
webbed_0	webbed	webd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/webbed_0.wav
soroptimist_0	soroptimist	sərɒptɪmɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soroptimist_0.wav
need_0	need	niːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/need_0.wav
cyrus_0	cyrus	saɪrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cyrus_0.wav
dustcart_0	dustcart	dʌstkɑːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dustcart_0.wav
granita_0	granita	ɡrəniːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/granita_0.wav
orang-utan_0	orang-utan	ɔːræŋuːtæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orang-utan_0.wav
catenate_0	catenate	kætɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catenate_0.wav
solarium_1	solarium	soʊleəriəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solarium_1.wav
hasenpfeffer_0	hasenpfeffer	hɑːsənˌfɛfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hasenpfeffer_0.wav
trainer_0	trainer	treɪnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trainer_0.wav
petrochemistry_0	petrochemistry	ˌpɛtrəʊkɛmɪstrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petrochemistry_0.wav
myosin_0	myosin	maɪəsɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/myosin_0.wav
runch_0	runch	rʌntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/runch_0.wav
nook_1	nook	nʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nook_1.wav
boutros-ghali_0	boutros-ghali	butroʊsgɑli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boutros-ghali_0.wav
purport_1	purport	pəʳpɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purport_1.wav
deadman_0	deadman	dɛdˌmæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deadman_0.wav
antigen_0	antigen	æntɪdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antigen_0.wav
attention-grabbing_0	attention-grabbing	ətenʃənˌɡræbɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attention-grabbing_0.wav
adrenaline_0	adrenaline	ədrɛnəlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adrenaline_0.wav
extension_0	extension	ɪkstenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extension_0.wav
oche_0	oche	ɒkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/oche_0.wav
appetizing_0	appetizing	æpɪtaɪzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appetizing_0.wav
greed_1	greed	griːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greed_1.wav
evaginate_0	evaginate	ɪvædʒɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evaginate_0.wav
carbonaceous_0	carbonaceous	ˌkɑːbəneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carbonaceous_0.wav
haiphong_0	haiphong	haɪfɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haiphong_0.wav
broads_1	broads	brɔːdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broads_1.wav
cnemis_0	cnemis	niːmɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cn/cnemis_0.wav
accessory_1	accessory	æksesəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accessory_1.wav
beaten_0	beaten	biːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaten_0.wav
postnuptial_0	postnuptial	ˌpəʊstnʌpʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/postnuptial_0.wav
agora_0	agora	æɡərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agora_0.wav
hesione_0	hesione	hɪsaɪənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hesione_0.wav
nudicaudate_0	nudicaudate	ˌnjuːdɪkɔːdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nudicaudate_0.wav
whelp_0	whelp	hwelp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whelp_0.wav
rutaceous_0	rutaceous	ruːteɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rutaceous_0.wav
moralism_0	moralism	mɒrəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moralism_0.wav
tube_0	tube	tjuːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tube_0.wav
cabaletta_0	cabaletta	ˌkæbəlɛtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cabaletta_0.wav
earthborn_0	earthborn	ɜːθˌbɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/earthborn_0.wav
blastosphere_0	blastosphere	blæstəʊˌsfɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blastosphere_0.wav
dixieland_0	dixieland	dɪksɪˌlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dixieland_0.wav
contrayerva_0	contrayerva	ˌkɒntrəjɜːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contrayerva_0.wav
theatrical_0	theatrical	θiætrɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theatrical_0.wav
vanishingly_0	vanishingly	vænɪʃɪŋli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vanishingly_0.wav
turkmen_0	turkmen	tɜːkmɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turkmen_0.wav
america_0	america	əmɛrɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/america_0.wav
recruit_0	recruit	rɪkruːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recruit_0.wav
cooler_0	cooler	kuːləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cooler_0.wav
muttonhead_0	muttonhead	mʌtənˌhɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muttonhead_0.wav
mbeki_0	mbeki	əmbɛkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mb/mbeki_0.wav
isomorphic_0	isomorphic	ˌaɪsəʊmɔːfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isomorphic_0.wav
split_0	split	splɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/split_0.wav
woodborer_0	woodborer	wʊdˌbɔːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodborer_0.wav
instructional_1	instructional	ɪnstrʌkʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instructional_1.wav
hellhound_0	hellhound	hɛlˌhaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hellhound_0.wav
imposture_0	imposture	ɪmpɒstʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imposture_0.wav
head-on_0	head-on	hɛd ɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/head-on_0.wav
teleconnection_0	teleconnection	tɛlɪkəˌnɛkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teleconnection_0.wav
mobster_0	mobster	mɒbstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mobster_0.wav
oleaginous_0	oleaginous	ˌəʊlɪædʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/oleaginous_0.wav
virescent_0	virescent	vɪrɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/virescent_0.wav
confetti_1	confetti	kənfeti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confetti_1.wav
plugboard_0	plugboard	plʌɡˌbɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plugboard_0.wav
eblis_0	eblis	ɛblɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eb/eblis_0.wav
come_1	come	kʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/come_1.wav
phlyctena_0	phlyctena	flɪktiːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phlyctena_0.wav
belle_0	belle	bel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belle_0.wav
hard-edged_0	hard-edged	hɑːdˌɛdʒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hard-edged_0.wav
previous_0	previous	priːviəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/previous_0.wav
shoran_0	shoran	ʃɔːræn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoran_0.wav
tonal_0	tonal	toʊnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tonal_0.wav
recrimination_0	recrimination	rɪkrɪmɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recrimination_0.wav
antifebrile_0	antifebrile	ˌæntɪfiːbraɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antifebrile_0.wav
genre_0	genre	ʒɒnrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/genre_0.wav
vesta_0	vesta	vɛstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vesta_0.wav
kohlrabi_0	kohlrabi	koʊlrɑːbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kohlrabi_0.wav
vicinage_0	vicinage	vɪsənɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vicinage_0.wav
feta_0	feta	fetə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feta_0.wav
camargue_0	camargue	kæmɑːɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/camargue_0.wav
snorkel_0	snorkel	snɔːʳkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snorkel_0.wav
christlike_0	christlike	kraɪstˌlaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/christlike_0.wav
superfluid_0	superfluid	ˌsuːpəfluːɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superfluid_0.wav
someday_0	someday	sʌmdeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/someday_0.wav
prof_0	prof	prɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prof_0.wav
overdone_0	overdone	oʊvəʳdʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overdone_0.wav
ostosis_0	ostosis	ɒstəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ostosis_0.wav
nonrational_0	nonrational	nɒnræʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonrational_0.wav
mottled_0	mottled	mɒtəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mottled_0.wav
howdah_0	howdah	haʊdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/howdah_0.wav
orientation_0	orientation	ɔːriənteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orientation_0.wav
ground_0	ground	graʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/ground_0.wav
pindling_0	pindling	pɪndlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pindling_0.wav
harangue_1	harangue	həræŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harangue_1.wav
implode_1	implode	ɪmploʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/implode_1.wav
slantwise_0	slantwise	slɑːntˌwaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slantwise_0.wav
modulation_0	modulation	ˌmɒdjʊleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/modulation_0.wav
sjoe_0	sjoe	ʃuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sj/sjoe_0.wav
anaclitic_0	anaclitic	ˌænəklɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaclitic_0.wav
dirk_0	dirk	dɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dirk_0.wav
lakota_0	lakota	ləkoʊtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lakota_0.wav
lumbar_0	lumbar	lʌmbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lumbar_0.wav
dharma_0	dharma	dɑːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dh/dharma_0.wav
resistant_0	resistant	rɪzɪstənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resistant_0.wav
underpants_0	underpants	ʌndəʳpænts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underpants_0.wav
greenmail_0	greenmail	griːnmeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenmail_0.wav
chilung_0	chilung	tʃiːlʊŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chilung_0.wav
heliosphere_0	heliosphere	hiːlɪəʊˌsfɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heliosphere_0.wav
felt-tip_0	felt-tip	fɛlt tɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/felt-tip_0.wav
methanol_0	methanol	mɛθənɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/methanol_0.wav
starve_1	starve	stɑːʳv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/starve_1.wav
urgency_0	urgency	ɜrdʒənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/urgency_0.wav
locate_0	locate	ləʊkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/locate_0.wav
trustbuster_0	trustbuster	trʌstˌbʌstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trustbuster_0.wav
misimpression_0	misimpression	ˌmɪsɪmprɛʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misimpression_0.wav
mudlark_0	mudlark	mʌdˌlɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mudlark_0.wav
airhead_0	airhead	eəʳhed	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ai/airhead_0.wav
grease_0	grease	griːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grease_0.wav
jet-propelled_0	jet-propelled	dʒɛtprəpɛld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jet-propelled_0.wav
eternity_0	eternity	ɪtɜːʳnɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/eternity_0.wav
populist_0	populist	pɒpʊlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/populist_0.wav
go_0	go	goʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/go_0.wav
ill-founded_0	ill-founded	ɪlfaʊndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/ill-founded_0.wav
halsey_0	halsey	hɔlzi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/halsey_0.wav
audiometer_0	audiometer	ˌɔːdɪɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/audiometer_0.wav
adamite_0	adamite	ædəˌmaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adamite_0.wav
exclamation_0	exclamation	ekskləmeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exclamation_0.wav
self-indulgence_0	self-indulgence	sɛlfɪndʌldʒəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-indulgence_0.wav
scaletail_0	scaletail	skeɪlˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scaletail_0.wav
visor_0	visor	vaɪzəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/visor_0.wav
thigmotropism_0	thigmotropism	ˌθɪɡməʊtrəʊpɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thigmotropism_0.wav
icehouse_0	icehouse	aɪsˌhaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/icehouse_0.wav
griffon_0	griffon	ɡrɪfən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/griffon_0.wav
loathe_0	loathe	loʊð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loathe_0.wav
inverter_0	inverter	ɪnvɜːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inverter_0.wav
graybeard_0	graybeard	greɪˌbɪrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graybeard_0.wav
greylist_0	greylist	ɡreɪˌlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greylist_0.wav
photobiology_0	photobiology	ˌfəʊtəʊbaɪɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photobiology_0.wav
guamanian_0	guamanian	ɡwɑːmeɪnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guamanian_0.wav
exacting_1	exacting	ɪgzæktɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exacting_1.wav
catcall_0	catcall	kætkɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catcall_0.wav
monogamy_1	monogamy	mənɒgəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monogamy_1.wav
devotions_0	devotions	dɪvoʊʃənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devotions_0.wav
spanking_0	spanking	spæŋkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spanking_0.wav
pox_1	pox	pɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pox_1.wav
rabble_0	rabble	ræbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rabble_0.wav
becoming_1	becoming	bɪkʌmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/becoming_1.wav
radioactive_0	radioactive	reɪdioʊæktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radioactive_0.wav
quarrier_0	quarrier	kwɒrɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quarrier_0.wav
singhalese_0	singhalese	ˌsɪŋəliːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/singhalese_0.wav
walkaway_0	walkaway	wɔːkəˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/walkaway_0.wav
zero-sum_0	zero-sum	zɪərəʊˌsʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ze/zero-sum_0.wav
bugbane_0	bugbane	bʌɡˌbeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bugbane_0.wav
tickets_0	tickets	tɪkɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tickets_0.wav
staves_1	staves	steɪvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/staves_1.wav
viola_1	viola	vioʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viola_1.wav
knowsley_0	knowsley	nəʊzlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knowsley_0.wav
bumpy_0	bumpy	bʌmpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bumpy_0.wav
unsound_0	unsound	ʌnsaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsound_0.wav
craniometer_0	craniometer	ˌkreɪnɪɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/craniometer_0.wav
clingfish_0	clingfish	klɪŋˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clingfish_0.wav
gaillardia_0	gaillardia	ɡeɪlɑːdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaillardia_0.wav
geomechanics_0	geomechanics	ˌdʒiːəʊmɪkænɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geomechanics_0.wav
ramp_1	ramp	ræmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ramp_1.wav
force_1	force	fɔːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/force_1.wav
statistical_1	statistical	stətɪstɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/statistical_1.wav
barbados_0	barbados	bɑːbeɪdɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barbados_0.wav
erymanthus_0	erymanthus	ˌɛrɪmænθəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erymanthus_0.wav
outwork_0	outwork	aʊtˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outwork_0.wav
hays_0	hays	heɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hays_0.wav
jitterbug_0	jitterbug	dʒɪtəˌbʌɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jitterbug_0.wav
rhodinal_0	rhodinal	rəʊdɪˌnæl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhodinal_0.wav
biotelemetry_0	biotelemetry	ˌbaɪəʊtɪlɛmɪtrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biotelemetry_0.wav
half-length_0	half-length	hæfˌlɛŋkθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/half-length_0.wav
pipeline_0	pipeline	paɪplaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pipeline_0.wav
duckfooted_0	duckfooted	dʌkˌfʊtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/duckfooted_0.wav
pedestrian_0	pedestrian	pɪdestriən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pedestrian_0.wav
subsurface_0	subsurface	sʌbˌsɜrfɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subsurface_0.wav
inept_0	inept	ɪnept	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inept_0.wav
mustn_0	mustn	mʌsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mustn_0.wav
seattle_0	seattle	sɪætəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seattle_0.wav
unlisted_0	unlisted	ʌnlɪstɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unlisted_0.wav
dextrin_0	dextrin	dɛkstrɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dextrin_0.wav
nutter_0	nutter	nʌtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nutter_0.wav
infamous_0	infamous	ɪnfəməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infamous_0.wav
crenulation_0	crenulation	ˌkrɛnjʊleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crenulation_0.wav
naiad_0	naiad	naɪæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naiad_0.wav
pre-embryo_0	pre-embryo	priːɛmbrɪəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pre-embryo_0.wav
goliardery_0	goliardery	ɡəʊljɑːdərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goliardery_0.wav
playlist_0	playlist	pleɪlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/playlist_0.wav
nazarite_0	nazarite	næzəˌraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nazarite_0.wav
wallcreeper_0	wallcreeper	wɔlˌkripər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wallcreeper_0.wav
miracidium_0	miracidium	ˌmaɪrəsɪdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/miracidium_0.wav
helengrad_0	helengrad	hɛlənˌɡræd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helengrad_0.wav
octavia_0	octavia	ɒkteɪvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/octavia_0.wav
pennsylvania_0	pennsylvania	ˌpɛnsɪlveɪnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pennsylvania_0.wav
balaton_0	balaton	bɔlɔton	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/balaton_0.wav
environmental_1	environmental	ɪnvaɪərənmentəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/environmental_1.wav
hammered_0	hammered	hæməd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hammered_0.wav
lawbreaker_0	lawbreaker	lɔːˌbreɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lawbreaker_0.wav
potholed_0	potholed	pɒthoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potholed_0.wav
guise_1	guise	gaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guise_1.wav
stripey_0	stripey	straɪpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stripey_0.wav
percy_0	percy	pɜːsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/percy_0.wav
tranquillity_0	tranquillity	træŋkwɪlɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tranquillity_0.wav
solarize_0	solarize	səʊləˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solarize_0.wav
magisterial_0	magisterial	mædʒɪstɪəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magisterial_0.wav
cate_0	cate	keɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cate_0.wav
overproduce_0	overproduce	ˌəʊvəprədjuːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overproduce_0.wav
shamo_0	shamo	ʃɑːməʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shamo_0.wav
yachtie_0	yachtie	jɒtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yachtie_0.wav
hyoscyamus_0	hyoscyamus	ˌhaɪəsaɪəməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyoscyamus_0.wav
upraised_0	upraised	ʌpreɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upraised_0.wav
webinar_0	webinar	webɪnɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/webinar_0.wav
rounders_0	rounders	raʊndəʳz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rounders_0.wav
charlatan_0	charlatan	ʃɑːʳlətən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charlatan_0.wav
fuck_0	fuck	fʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fuck_0.wav
rename_0	rename	riːneɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rename_0.wav
gamely_0	gamely	geɪmli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gamely_0.wav
nonmetal_0	nonmetal	ˌnɒnmɛtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonmetal_0.wav
scrubland_0	scrubland	skrʌblænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrubland_0.wav
unsullied_1	unsullied	ʌnsʌlid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsullied_1.wav
one-time_0	one-time	wʌnˌtaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/one-time_0.wav
entomostracan_0	entomostracan	ˌɛntəmɒstrəkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entomostracan_0.wav
mysian_0	mysian	mɪsɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mysian_0.wav
sweetish_0	sweetish	swiːtɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweetish_0.wav
glittery_0	glittery	glɪtəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glittery_0.wav
partita_0	partita	pɑːtiːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/partita_0.wav
greylag_0	greylag	ɡreɪˌlæɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greylag_0.wav
ariosto_0	ariosto	arjɔsto	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/ariosto_0.wav
anaesthetist_0	anaesthetist	əniːsθətɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaesthetist_0.wav
criseyde_0	criseyde	krɪseɪdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/criseyde_0.wav
bittercress_0	bittercress	bɪtəˌkrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bittercress_0.wav
fruitcake_0	fruitcake	fruːtkeɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fruitcake_0.wav
effeminate_0	effeminate	ɪfemɪnət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effeminate_0.wav
tale_1	tale	teɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tale_1.wav
emeritus_0	emeritus	ɪmerɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emeritus_0.wav
wycliffite_0	wycliffite	wɪklɪˌfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wy/wycliffite_0.wav
nondenominated_0	nondenominated	ˌnɑndɪnɑmɪˌneɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nondenominated_0.wav
occupant_0	occupant	ɒkjʊpənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occupant_0.wav
apophysis_0	apophysis	əpɒfɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apophysis_0.wav
binominal_0	binominal	baɪnɒmɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/binominal_0.wav
stiffy_0	stiffy	stɪfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stiffy_0.wav
gad_0	gad	gæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gad_0.wav
entrap_0	entrap	ɪntræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/entrap_0.wav
oroide_0	oroide	ɔːrəʊˌaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/oroide_0.wav
purveyor_0	purveyor	pəʳveɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purveyor_0.wav
rosace_0	rosace	rəʊzeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rosace_0.wav
manille_0	manille	mænɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manille_0.wav
highfalutin_0	highfalutin	haɪfəluːtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/highfalutin_0.wav
koranic_0	koranic	kɔːrænɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/koranic_0.wav
inactivate_0	inactivate	ɪnæktɪˌveɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inactivate_0.wav
dandruff_0	dandruff	dændrʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dandruff_0.wav
harsh_0	harsh	hɑːʳʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harsh_0.wav
trendy_0	trendy	trendi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trendy_0.wav
cicatrize_0	cicatrize	sɪkəˌtraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cicatrize_0.wav
anhidrotic_0	anhidrotic	ˌænhɪdrɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anhidrotic_0.wav
dipterous_0	dipterous	dɪptərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dipterous_0.wav
athwartships_0	athwartships	əθwɔːtˌʃɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/athwartships_0.wav
excluding_1	excluding	ɪkskluːdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excluding_1.wav
adactylous_0	adactylous	eɪdæktɪləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adactylous_0.wav
hindshank_0	hindshank	haɪndˌʃæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hindshank_0.wav
superlative_0	superlative	suːpɜːʳlətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superlative_0.wav
smalt_0	smalt	smɔːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smalt_0.wav
upstretched_0	upstretched	ʌpstrɛtʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upstretched_0.wav
balaam_0	balaam	beɪlæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/balaam_0.wav
roadworks_0	roadworks	roʊdwɜːʳks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roadworks_0.wav
horrified_0	horrified	hɒrɪˌfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horrified_0.wav
tenacious_1	tenacious	tɪneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tenacious_1.wav
kongoni_0	kongoni	kəŋɡəʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kongoni_0.wav
phenotype_0	phenotype	fiːnəʊˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phenotype_0.wav
ibn-gabirol_0	ibn-gabirol	ˌɪbənˌɡɑːbiːrɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ib/ibn-gabirol_0.wav
preschooler_0	preschooler	priːskuːləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preschooler_0.wav
molder_0	molder	moʊldər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molder_0.wav
ell_0	ell	ɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/ell_0.wav
tittle-tattle_0	tittle-tattle	tɪtəl tætəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tittle-tattle_0.wav
neoplasm_0	neoplasm	niːəʊˌplæzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neoplasm_0.wav
tantalic_0	tantalic	tæntælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tantalic_0.wav
trombonist_0	trombonist	trɒmboʊnɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trombonist_0.wav
handbasket_0	handbasket	hændˌbɑːskɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handbasket_0.wav
sophomoric_0	sophomoric	ˌsɒfəmɒrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sophomoric_0.wav
idealist_1	idealist	aɪdiəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idealist_1.wav
bitterbark_0	bitterbark	bɪtəˌbɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bitterbark_0.wav
crayon_0	crayon	kreɪɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crayon_0.wav
territorial_0	territorial	terɪtɔːriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/territorial_0.wav
page_0	page	peɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/page_0.wav
rechabite_0	rechabite	rɛkəˌbaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rechabite_0.wav
unstratified_0	unstratified	ʌnstrætɪˌfaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unstratified_0.wav
dealership_0	dealership	diːləʳʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dealership_0.wav
digitized_0	digitized	dɪdʒɪˌtaɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digitized_0.wav
snap_1	snap	snæp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snap_1.wav
forthcoming_0	forthcoming	fɔːʳθkʌmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forthcoming_0.wav
chopfallen_0	chopfallen	tʃɒpˌfɔːlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chopfallen_0.wav
tripod_0	tripod	traɪpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tripod_0.wav
ellipse_0	ellipse	ɪlɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/ellipse_0.wav
open-minded_0	open-minded	oʊpənmaɪndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/open-minded_0.wav
shia_0	shia	ʃiːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shia_0.wav
tort_0	tort	tɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tort_0.wav
toper_0	toper	toʊpər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toper_0.wav
herodotus_0	herodotus	hɪrɒdətəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/herodotus_0.wav
charver_0	charver	ʃɑːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charver_0.wav
misapplication_0	misapplication	mɪsæplɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misapplication_0.wav
sketchy_0	sketchy	sketʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/sketchy_0.wav
continuative_0	continuative	kəntɪnjʊətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/continuative_0.wav
corelli_0	corelli	kɒrɛlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corelli_0.wav
squeak_1	squeak	skwiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squeak_1.wav
nightspot_0	nightspot	naɪtspɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nightspot_0.wav
boggy_0	boggy	bɒgi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boggy_0.wav
canescent_0	canescent	kənɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canescent_0.wav
holi_0	holi	hɒˌliː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holi_0.wav
charidee_0	charidee	tʃærɪdiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charidee_0.wav
splits_0	splits	splɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splits_0.wav
curmudgeon_0	curmudgeon	kəʳmʌdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curmudgeon_0.wav
obtrusive_0	obtrusive	ɒbtruːsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obtrusive_0.wav
aberration_0	aberration	æbəreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/aberration_0.wav
bed-wetting_0	bed-wetting	bɛdˌwɛtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bed-wetting_0.wav
pinto_0	pinto	pɪntəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinto_0.wav
seguidilla_0	seguidilla	ˌsɛɡɪdiːljə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seguidilla_0.wav
blah_1	blah	blɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blah_1.wav
jugoslav_0	jugoslav	juːɡəʊˌslɑːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jugoslav_0.wav
fenrir_0	fenrir	fɛnrɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fenrir_0.wav
descramble_0	descramble	diːskræmbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/descramble_0.wav
guarantee_0	guarantee	gærəntiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guarantee_0.wav
responsa_0	responsa	rɪspɒnsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/responsa_0.wav
truckstop_0	truckstop	trʌkˌstɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truckstop_0.wav
anecdysis_0	anecdysis	ˌænɛkdaɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anecdysis_0.wav
espionage_0	espionage	espiənɑːʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/espionage_0.wav
closed-end_0	closed-end	kloʊzdˌɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/closed-end_0.wav
scotticism_0	scotticism	skɒtɪˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scotticism_0.wav
cape_0	cape	keɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cape_0.wav
paitrick_0	paitrick	petrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paitrick_0.wav
cohn_0	cohn	koʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cohn_0.wav
cotyloid_0	cotyloid	kɒtɪˌlɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cotyloid_0.wav
hyperprosexia_0	hyperprosexia	ˌhaɪpəprɒsɛksɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyperprosexia_0.wav
clothesline_0	clothesline	kloʊðzlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clothesline_0.wav
simply_0	simply	sɪmpli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/simply_0.wav
truro_0	truro	trʊərəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truro_0.wav
progressive_1	progressive	prəgresɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/progressive_1.wav
moolah_0	moolah	muːlɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moolah_0.wav
fm_0	fm	ef em	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fm/fm_0.wav
aboveboard_0	aboveboard	əbʌvbɔrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/aboveboard_0.wav
spammie_0	spammie	spæmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spammie_0.wav
projet_0	projet	prɒʒeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/projet_0.wav
larky_0	larky	lɑːkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/larky_0.wav
striped_0	striped	straɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/striped_0.wav
neoliberalism_0	neoliberalism	niːoʊlɪbərəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neoliberalism_0.wav
drabbet_0	drabbet	dræbɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drabbet_0.wav
chaldee_0	chaldee	kældiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chaldee_0.wav
hejaz_0	hejaz	hiːdʒæz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hejaz_0.wav
blade_0	blade	bleɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blade_0.wav
spasmodic_0	spasmodic	spæzmɒdɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spasmodic_0.wav
unfettered_0	unfettered	ʌnfetəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfettered_0.wav
childers_0	childers	tʃɪldəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/childers_0.wav
sherd_0	sherd	ʃɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sherd_0.wav
spaced-out_0	spaced-out	speɪstaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spaced-out_0.wav
bibliolatry_0	bibliolatry	ˌbɪblɪɒlətrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bibliolatry_0.wav
gravadlax_0	gravadlax	ɡrævədˌlæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gravadlax_0.wav
bamboo_0	bamboo	bæmbuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bamboo_0.wav
xyloid_0	xyloid	zaɪlɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xy/xyloid_0.wav
appraisal_0	appraisal	əpreɪzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appraisal_0.wav
retrain_0	retrain	riːtreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retrain_0.wav
paramour_0	paramour	pærəmʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paramour_0.wav
overladen_0	overladen	ˌəʊvəleɪdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overladen_0.wav
sociocultural_0	sociocultural	ˌsəʊsɪəʊkʌltʃərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sociocultural_0.wav
frau_0	frau	fraʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frau_0.wav
croak_1	croak	kroʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croak_1.wav
kennel_0	kennel	kenəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kennel_0.wav
landeshauptmann_0	landeshauptmann	lɑːndɪsˌhaʊptmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/landeshauptmann_0.wav
viva_0	viva	vaɪvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viva_0.wav
thumbtack_0	thumbtack	θʌmtæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thumbtack_0.wav
contralto_1	contralto	kəntræltoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contralto_1.wav
jackal_0	jackal	dʒækɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jackal_0.wav
oleate_0	oleate	əʊlɪˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/oleate_0.wav
idolism_0	idolism	aɪdəlˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idolism_0.wav
anabasis_0	anabasis	ənæbəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anabasis_0.wav
insensitive_0	insensitive	ɪnsensɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insensitive_0.wav
ordure_0	ordure	ɔːdjʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ordure_0.wav
cocksure_0	cocksure	kɒkʃʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cocksure_0.wav
savage_0	savage	sævɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savage_0.wav
poule_0	poule	puːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poule_0.wav
minibus_0	minibus	mɪnibʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minibus_0.wav
catholic_0	catholic	kæθlɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catholic_0.wav
warn_1	warn	wɔːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/warn_1.wav
mudslinging_0	mudslinging	mʌdslɪŋɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mudslinging_0.wav
revenuer_0	revenuer	rɛvɪˌnjuːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/revenuer_0.wav
yellowtail_0	yellowtail	jɛləʊˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yellowtail_0.wav
samiel_0	samiel	sæmjɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/samiel_0.wav
dermatophyte_0	dermatophyte	dɜːmətəʊˌfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dermatophyte_0.wav
suffragan_0	suffragan	sʌfrəɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suffragan_0.wav
gusto_0	gusto	gʌstoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gusto_0.wav
ephemera_0	ephemera	ɪfemərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/ephemera_0.wav
neuk_0	neuk	njuːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neuk_0.wav
mangonel_0	mangonel	mæŋɡəˌnɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mangonel_0.wav
desiderata_0	desiderata	dɪˌzɪdərɑːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/desiderata_0.wav
maugham_0	maugham	mɔːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maugham_0.wav
denunciation_0	denunciation	dɪnʌnsieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denunciation_0.wav
began_0	began	bɪgæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/began_0.wav
propane_0	propane	proʊpeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propane_0.wav
tetrad_0	tetrad	tɛtræd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tetrad_0.wav
imide_0	imide	ɪmaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imide_0.wav
stenography_1	stenography	stənɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stenography_1.wav
intoxicate_0	intoxicate	ɪntɒksɪˌkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intoxicate_0.wav
minging_0	minging	mɪŋɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minging_0.wav
protamine_0	protamine	prəʊtəˌmiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protamine_0.wav
inodorous_0	inodorous	ɪnəʊdərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inodorous_0.wav
sou-sou_0	sou-sou	suːsuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sou-sou_0.wav
kalat_0	kalat	kəlɑːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kalat_0.wav
gagauzi_0	gagauzi	ɡəɡɔːzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gagauzi_0.wav
underwear_0	underwear	ʌndəʳweəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underwear_0.wav
stateswoman_0	stateswoman	steɪtsˌwʊmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stateswoman_0.wav
fierce_0	fierce	fɪəʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fierce_0.wav
magnetosphere_0	magnetosphere	mæɡniːtəʊˌsfɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/magnetosphere_0.wav
pogo_0	pogo	pəʊɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pogo_0.wav
isinglass_0	isinglass	aɪzɪŋˌɡlɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isinglass_0.wav
eximbank_0	eximbank	ɛksɪm ˌbæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/eximbank_0.wav
worm_1	worm	wɜrmzˌaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worm_1.wav
jilt_0	jilt	dʒɪlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jilt_0.wav
unvoice_0	unvoice	ʌnvɔɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unvoice_0.wav
resultant_0	resultant	rɪzʌltənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resultant_0.wav
sone_0	sone	səʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sone_0.wav
polar_0	polar	poʊləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polar_0.wav
coude_0	coude	kuːdeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coude_0.wav
ununbium_0	ununbium	ənʌnbɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/ununbium_0.wav
jaffna_0	jaffna	dʒæfnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jaffna_0.wav
officiary_0	officiary	əfɪʃɪərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/officiary_0.wav
greenroom_0	greenroom	griːnruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenroom_0.wav
tubal-cain_0	tubal-cain	tjuːbəlˌkeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubal-cain_0.wav
skimmer_0	skimmer	skɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skimmer_0.wav
bombarde_0	bombarde	bɒmˌbɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bombarde_0.wav
kentledge_0	kentledge	kɛntlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kentledge_0.wav
endbrain_0	endbrain	ɛndˌbreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endbrain_0.wav
hackberry_0	hackberry	hækˌbɛrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hackberry_0.wav
multivalent_0	multivalent	ˌmʌltɪveɪlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multivalent_0.wav
juncture_0	juncture	dʒʌŋktʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/juncture_0.wav
agendum_0	agendum	ədʒɛndəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agendum_0.wav
estoril_0	estoril	ɛʃtɔːˌriːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/estoril_0.wav
zymometer_0	zymometer	zaɪmɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zy/zymometer_0.wav
scullin_0	scullin	skʌlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scullin_0.wav
jarvey_0	jarvey	dʒɑːvɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jarvey_0.wav
but_0	but	bət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/but_0.wav
estimate_0	estimate	estɪmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/estimate_0.wav
ineradicable_0	ineradicable	ɪnɪrædɪkəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/ineradicable_0.wav
bookbinder_0	bookbinder	bʊkbaɪndəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bookbinder_0.wav
suntanned_0	suntanned	sʌntænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suntanned_0.wav
pochette_0	pochette	pəʃɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pochette_0.wav
piaffe_0	piaffe	pɪæf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piaffe_0.wav
occur_0	occur	əkɜːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occur_0.wav
framer_0	framer	freɪmər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/framer_0.wav
doubs_0	doubs	du	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doubs_0.wav
endowment_0	endowment	ɪndaʊmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endowment_0.wav
spaewife_0	spaewife	speɪˌwəɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spaewife_0.wav
brahmana_0	brahmana	brɑːmənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brahmana_0.wav
unsubstantiated_0	unsubstantiated	ʌnsəbstænʃieɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsubstantiated_0.wav
coupland_0	coupland	kəʊplənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coupland_0.wav
matutinal_0	matutinal	ˌmætjʊtaɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matutinal_0.wav
gawd_1	gawd	gɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gawd_1.wav
journalize_0	journalize	dʒɜːnəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/journalize_0.wav
martinican_0	martinican	ˌmɑːtɪniːkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/martinican_0.wav
scoliosis_0	scoliosis	ˌskɒlɪəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scoliosis_0.wav
hypothesis_0	hypothesis	haɪpɒθɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypothesis_0.wav
amphiarthrosis_0	amphiarthrosis	ˌæmfɪɑːθrəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amphiarthrosis_0.wav
parataxis_0	parataxis	ˌpærətæksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parataxis_0.wav
pageview_0	pageview	peɪdʒˌvjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pageview_0.wav
soyuz_0	soyuz	sɔɪjʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soyuz_0.wav
pelican_0	pelican	pelɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pelican_0.wav
agenda_0	agenda	ədʒendə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agenda_0.wav
obwalden_0	obwalden	ɔpˌvɑldən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obwalden_0.wav
excitatory_0	excitatory	ɪksaɪtətərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excitatory_0.wav
gimmie_0	gimmie	ɡɪmiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gimmie_0.wav
riboflavin_0	riboflavin	raɪboʊfleɪvɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/riboflavin_0.wav
architectonic_0	architectonic	ˌɑːkɪtɛktɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/architectonic_0.wav
anastigmatic_0	anastigmatic	ˌænəstɪɡmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anastigmatic_0.wav
player_0	player	pleɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/player_0.wav
arum_0	arum	ɛərəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arum_0.wav
woodville_0	woodville	wʊdvɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodville_0.wav
laudable_0	laudable	lɔːdəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laudable_0.wav
forint_0	forint	forint	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forint_0.wav
rollins_0	rollins	rɒlɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rollins_0.wav
mokopuna_0	mokopuna	ˌməʊkəʊpuːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mokopuna_0.wav
flunitrazepam_0	flunitrazepam	ˌfluːnaɪtræzəˌpæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flunitrazepam_0.wav
reperepe_0	reperepe	rɛpɛrɛpɛ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reperepe_0.wav
spongecake_0	spongecake	spʌndʒˌkeɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spongecake_0.wav
neotype_0	neotype	niːəʊˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neotype_0.wav
biodiversity_0	biodiversity	baɪoʊdaɪvɜːʳsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biodiversity_0.wav
chromate_0	chromate	krəʊˌmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chromate_0.wav
bitmapped_0	bitmapped	bɪtˌmæpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bitmapped_0.wav
complicity_1	complicity	kəmplɪsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complicity_1.wav
mohua_0	mohua	mɒhuːɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mohua_0.wav
skase_0	skase	skeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skase_0.wav
osha_0	osha	oʊ ɛs eɪtʃ eɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/osha_0.wav
built-in_0	built-in	bɪltɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/built-in_0.wav
sawbuck_0	sawbuck	sɔːˌbʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sawbuck_0.wav
opposing_0	opposing	əpoʊzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opposing_0.wav
appalled_0	appalled	əpɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appalled_0.wav
dzo_0	dzo	zəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dz/dzo_0.wav
brickyard_0	brickyard	brɪkˌjɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brickyard_0.wav
anesthetist_0	anesthetist	əniːsθətɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anesthetist_0.wav
t-ball_0	t-ball	tiˌbɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/t-/t-ball_0.wav
two-cycle_0	two-cycle	tusaɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/two-cycle_0.wav
demonic_1	demonic	dɪmɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demonic_1.wav
smarten_0	smarten	smɑːʳtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smarten_0.wav
unwonted_1	unwonted	ʌnwəʊntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unwonted_1.wav
biomorphic_0	biomorphic	ˌbaɪəʊmɔːfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biomorphic_0.wav
mouton_0	mouton	muːtɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mouton_0.wav
valencia_0	valencia	balenθja	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valencia_0.wav
foreground_0	foreground	fɔːʳgraʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foreground_0.wav
polycotton_0	polycotton	pɒlɪkɒtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polycotton_0.wav
foppery_0	foppery	fɒpərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foppery_0.wav
abolish_1	abolish	əbɒlɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abolish_1.wav
bobtail_0	bobtail	bɒbˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bobtail_0.wav
claim_0	claim	kleɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/claim_0.wav
lechaim_0	lechaim	ləxɑjim	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lechaim_0.wav
physostigmine_0	physostigmine	ˌfaɪsəʊstɪɡmiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/physostigmine_0.wav
convertible_1	convertible	kənvɜːʳtɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/convertible_1.wav
spirketting_0	spirketting	spɜːkɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spirketting_0.wav
coppermine_0	coppermine	kɑpərˌmaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coppermine_0.wav
hypnotic_0	hypnotic	hɪpnɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypnotic_0.wav
tazza_0	tazza	tætsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tazza_0.wav
rondel_0	rondel	rɒndəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rondel_0.wav
midi-pyrénées_0	midi-pyrénées	midipirene	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midi-pyrénées_0.wav
refreshment_0	refreshment	rɪfreʃmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/refreshment_0.wav
tropicbird_0	tropicbird	trɒpɪkˌbɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tropicbird_0.wav
consumption_1	consumption	kənsʌmpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consumption_1.wav
futurity_1	futurity	fjuːtjʊərɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/futurity_1.wav
rue_0	rue	ruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rue_0.wav
nearthrosis_0	nearthrosis	ˌniːɑːθrəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nearthrosis_0.wav
runic_0	runic	runɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/runic_0.wav
dedans_0	dedans	dədɑ̃	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dedans_0.wav
insecticide_0	insecticide	ɪnsektɪsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insecticide_0.wav
neutrino_0	neutrino	njuːtriːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neutrino_0.wav
keef_0	keef	kiːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keef_0.wav
lathyrism_0	lathyrism	læθərɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lathyrism_0.wav
micromarketing_0	micromarketing	ˌmaɪkrəʊmɑːkɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/micromarketing_0.wav
suspense_0	suspense	səspens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suspense_0.wav
investigatory_0	investigatory	ɪnvestəɡətəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/investigatory_0.wav
highsmith_0	highsmith	haɪˌsmɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/highsmith_0.wav
chasuble_0	chasuble	tʃæzjʊbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chasuble_0.wav
epiphytotic_0	epiphytotic	ˌɛpɪfaɪtɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epiphytotic_0.wav
functionality_0	functionality	fʌŋkʃənælɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/functionality_0.wav
supercede_0	supercede	ˌsupərsid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/supercede_0.wav
unregulated_0	unregulated	ʌnrɛɡjʊˌleɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unregulated_0.wav
frazer_0	frazer	freɪzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frazer_0.wav
sochi_0	sochi	sɔtʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sochi_0.wav
hulme_0	hulme	hjuːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hulme_0.wav
flavouring_0	flavouring	fleɪvərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flavouring_0.wav
eighteen_0	eighteen	eɪtiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eighteen_0.wav
videlicet_1	videlicet	vɪdiːlɪˌsɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/videlicet_1.wav
resist_1	resist	rɪzɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resist_1.wav
apologize_0	apologize	əpɒlədʒaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apologize_0.wav
chopsocky_0	chopsocky	ˌtʃɒpsɒkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chopsocky_0.wav
farage_0	farage	færɑːʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/farage_0.wav
concessionary_1	concessionary	kənseʃənri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concessionary_1.wav
dulosis_0	dulosis	djuːləʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dulosis_0.wav
demos_0	demos	diːmɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demos_0.wav
unipetalous_0	unipetalous	ˌjunəpɛtələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unipetalous_0.wav
epaulette_0	epaulette	epəlet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epaulette_0.wav
marshal_0	marshal	mɑːʳʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marshal_0.wav
affable_0	affable	æfəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affable_0.wav
kitchenalia_0	kitchenalia	ˌkɪtʃɪneɪlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kitchenalia_0.wav
longneck_0	longneck	lɒŋˌnɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/longneck_0.wav
comate_0	comate	kəʊmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comate_0.wav
reverence_0	reverence	revərəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reverence_0.wav
comp_0	comp	kɒmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comp_0.wav
nonpermanent_0	nonpermanent	nɒnpɜːmənənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonpermanent_0.wav
prologuize_0	prologuize	prəʊlɒˌɡaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prologuize_0.wav
abyssinian_0	abyssinian	ˌæbɪsɪnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abyssinian_0.wav
containment_1	containment	kənteɪnmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/containment_1.wav
ankylosis_0	ankylosis	ˌæŋkɪləʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/ankylosis_0.wav
kibei_0	kibei	kiːbeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kibei_0.wav
wilbert_0	wilbert	wɪlbərt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wilbert_0.wav
turps_1	turps	tɜːps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turps_1.wav
clamatorial_0	clamatorial	ˌklæmətɔːrɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clamatorial_0.wav
gauze_1	gauze	gɔːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gauze_1.wav
coercive_0	coercive	koʊɜːʳsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coercive_0.wav
demodulate_0	demodulate	diːmɒdjʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demodulate_0.wav
insourcing_0	insourcing	ɪnˌsɔːsɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insourcing_0.wav
constance_0	constance	kɒnstəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/constance_0.wav
unlit_0	unlit	ʌnlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unlit_0.wav
diastrophism_0	diastrophism	daɪæstrəˌfɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diastrophism_0.wav
contuse_0	contuse	kəntjuːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contuse_0.wav
distemper_1	distemper	dɪstempəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/distemper_1.wav
stormer_0	stormer	stɔːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stormer_0.wav
advantageous_0	advantageous	ædvənteɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/advantageous_0.wav
cornu_0	cornu	kɔːnjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornu_0.wav
statement_0	statement	steɪtmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/statement_0.wav
wavy_0	wavy	weɪvi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wavy_0.wav
thoracentesis_0	thoracentesis	ˌθɔːrəsɛntiːsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thoracentesis_0.wav
bunyan_0	bunyan	bʌnjən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bunyan_0.wav
loud_0	loud	laʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loud_0.wav
full-blown_0	full-blown	fʊlbloʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/full-blown_0.wav
m_0	m	em	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/m/m_0.wav
unnaturally_0	unnaturally	ʌnnætʃərəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unnaturally_0.wav
chervonets_0	chervonets	tʃəvɔːnɛts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chervonets_0.wav
bust_0	bust	bʌst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bust_0.wav
berryfruit_0	berryfruit	bɛrɪˌfruːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berryfruit_0.wav
nonconductor_0	nonconductor	ˌnɒnkəndʌktə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonconductor_0.wav
joist_0	joist	dʒɔɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/joist_0.wav
lomu_0	lomu	ləʊmuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lomu_0.wav
scaly_0	scaly	skeɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scaly_0.wav
aline_0	aline	əlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aline_0.wav
clearchus_0	clearchus	kliɑrkəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clearchus_0.wav
puffball_0	puffball	pʌfbɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/puffball_0.wav
fornenst_0	fornenst	fɔːnɛnst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fornenst_0.wav
timbuktu_0	timbuktu	ˌtɪmbʌktuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timbuktu_0.wav
abreaction_0	abreaction	ˌæbrɪækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abreaction_0.wav
agglomerate_1	agglomerate	əɡlɒməˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agglomerate_1.wav
dockland_0	dockland	dɒklænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dockland_0.wav
velour_0	velour	vəlʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/velour_0.wav
midwife_0	midwife	mɪdwaɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/midwife_0.wav
galashiels_0	galashiels	ˌɡæləʃiːlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galashiels_0.wav
elx_0	elx	eltʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elx_0.wav
trapezoid_0	trapezoid	træpɪˌzɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trapezoid_0.wav
clothier_0	clothier	kləʊðɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clothier_0.wav
topless_0	topless	tɒpləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/topless_0.wav
sulphanilamide_0	sulphanilamide	ˌsʌlfənɪləˌmaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulphanilamide_0.wav
customs_0	customs	kʌstəmz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/customs_0.wav
feline_0	feline	fiːlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feline_0.wav
septuple_0	septuple	sɛptjʊpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/septuple_0.wav
inheritance_1	inheritance	ɪnherɪtəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inheritance_1.wav
glitch_0	glitch	glɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glitch_0.wav
icosahedron_0	icosahedron	ˌaɪkəsəhiːdrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/icosahedron_0.wav
hieroglyph_0	hieroglyph	haɪərəglɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hieroglyph_0.wav
toyetic_0	toyetic	tɔɪɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toyetic_0.wav
viscous_0	viscous	vɪskəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viscous_0.wav
shadiness_0	shadiness	ʃeɪdinɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shadiness_0.wav
modernistic_0	modernistic	mɒdəʳnɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/modernistic_0.wav
vehicle_0	vehicle	viːɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vehicle_0.wav
brachycephalic_0	brachycephalic	ˌbrækɪsɪfælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brachycephalic_0.wav
pauper_0	pauper	pɔːpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pauper_0.wav
hermitage_0	hermitage	hɜːmɪtɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hermitage_0.wav
minimax_0	minimax	mɪnɪˌmæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minimax_0.wav
whitleather_0	whitleather	wɪtlɛðə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whitleather_0.wav
micrometeorology_0	micrometeorology	ˌmaɪkrəʊˌmiːtɪərɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/micrometeorology_0.wav
vertiginous_0	vertiginous	vɜːʳtɪdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vertiginous_0.wav
misbehavior_0	misbehavior	mɪsbɪheɪvyər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misbehavior_0.wav
anthropocentric_0	anthropocentric	ˌænθrəpəʊsɛntrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anthropocentric_0.wav
abyssal_0	abyssal	əbɪsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abyssal_0.wav
lairage_0	lairage	lɛərɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lairage_0.wav
buck-passer_0	buck-passer	bʌkˌpæsər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buck-passer_0.wav
antiphonary_0	antiphonary	æntɪfənərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiphonary_0.wav
confer_0	confer	kənfɜːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confer_0.wav
exploitative_0	exploitative	ɪksplɔɪtətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exploitative_0.wav
jessica_0	jessica	dʒɛsɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jessica_0.wav
cheeky_0	cheeky	tʃiːki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheeky_0.wav
amphiblastic_0	amphiblastic	ˌæmfɪblæstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amphiblastic_0.wav
hereupon_0	hereupon	ˌhɪərəpɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hereupon_0.wav
intervocalic_0	intervocalic	ˌɪntəvəʊkælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intervocalic_0.wav
ferbam_0	ferbam	fɜːbæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/ferbam_0.wav
traditionalism_0	traditionalism	trədɪʃənəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/traditionalism_0.wav
hoodie_0	hoodie	hʊdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoodie_0.wav
paraboloid_0	paraboloid	pəræbəˌlɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paraboloid_0.wav
declutter_0	declutter	diːklʌtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/declutter_0.wav
peep_0	peep	piːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peep_0.wav
moneme_0	moneme	məʊniːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moneme_0.wav
florey_0	florey	flɔːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/florey_0.wav
verbalism_0	verbalism	vɜːbəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/verbalism_0.wav
kazatsky_0	kazatsky	kəzɑtski	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kazatsky_0.wav
spin_0	spin	spɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spin_0.wav
truffle_0	truffle	trʌfəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truffle_0.wav
sharia_0	sharia	ʃəriːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sharia_0.wav
leona_0	leona	lioʊnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leona_0.wav
paratonic_0	paratonic	ˌpærətɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paratonic_0.wav
bb_0	bb	biˌbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bb/bb_0.wav
vitalize_0	vitalize	vaɪtəˌlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vitalize_0.wav
overmatter_0	overmatter	əʊvəˌmætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overmatter_0.wav
gangly_0	gangly	gæŋgli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangly_0.wav
city_0	city	sɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/city_0.wav
misgovern_0	misgovern	ˌmɪsɡʌvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misgovern_0.wav
worsen_0	worsen	wɜːʳsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worsen_0.wav
lamaism_0	lamaism	lɑːməˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamaism_0.wav
llama_0	llama	lɑːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ll/llama_0.wav
peruke_0	peruke	pəruːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peruke_0.wav
woodstock_0	woodstock	wʊdstɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodstock_0.wav
meat_0	meat	miːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meat_0.wav
quintet_0	quintet	kwɪntet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quintet_0.wav
salicional_0	salicional	səlɪʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salicional_0.wav
disvalue_0	disvalue	dɪsvæljuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disvalue_0.wav
sematic_0	sematic	sɪmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sematic_0.wav
marginal_0	marginal	mɑːʳdʒɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marginal_0.wav
thunderstruck_0	thunderstruck	θʌndəʳstrʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thunderstruck_0.wav
bulbil_0	bulbil	bʌlbɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulbil_0.wav
pate_1	pate	peɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pate_1.wav
petrodollars_0	petrodollars	petroʊdɒləʳz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petrodollars_0.wav
opioid_0	opioid	əʊpɪˌɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opioid_0.wav
armidale_0	armidale	ɑːmɪˌdeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/armidale_0.wav
exhaust_0	exhaust	ɪgzɔːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exhaust_0.wav
nimrod_0	nimrod	nɪmrɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nimrod_0.wav
cleft_0	cleft	kleft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cleft_0.wav
fiddle-faddle_0	fiddle-faddle	fɪdəlˌfædəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fiddle-faddle_0.wav
ja_0	ja	jɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/ja_0.wav
socialization_0	socialization	soʊʃəlaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/socialization_0.wav
deathtrap_0	deathtrap	dɛθtræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deathtrap_0.wav
brick_1	brick	brɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brick_1.wav
valuer_0	valuer	væljuːəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valuer_0.wav
beatify_0	beatify	biætɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beatify_0.wav
etymologist_0	etymologist	ˌɛtəmɑlədʒɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etymologist_0.wav
lubitsch_0	lubitsch	luːbɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lubitsch_0.wav
incontinent_1	incontinent	ɪnkɒntɪnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incontinent_1.wav
overarching_0	overarching	oʊvərɑːʳtʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overarching_0.wav
aalto_0	aalto	ɑːltɔ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aa/aalto_0.wav
drab_1	drab	dræb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drab_1.wav
injection_0	injection	ɪndʒekʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/injection_0.wav
brooke_0	brooke	brʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brooke_0.wav
italianate_0	italianate	ɪtæliəneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/italianate_0.wav
mercurate_0	mercurate	mɜːkjʊˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mercurate_0.wav
feud_1	feud	fjuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feud_1.wav
kanak_0	kanak	kənæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kanak_0.wav
northwich_0	northwich	nɔːθwɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/northwich_0.wav
weak-kneed_0	weak-kneed	wikˌnid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weak-kneed_0.wav
scotia_0	scotia	skəʊʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scotia_0.wav
weil_1	weil	vaɪlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weil_1.wav
campo_0	campo	kæmpəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/campo_0.wav
southland_0	southland	saʊθˌlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/southland_0.wav
deem_1	deem	diːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deem_1.wav
frenulum_0	frenulum	frɛnjʊləm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frenulum_0.wav
typical_0	typical	tɪpɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/typical_0.wav
bombshell_0	bombshell	bɒmʃel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bombshell_0.wav
prepense_0	prepense	prɪpɛns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prepense_0.wav
autolysis_0	autolysis	ɔːtɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autolysis_0.wav
nam_0	nam	næm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nam_0.wav
anoxaemia_0	anoxaemia	ˌænɒksiːmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anoxaemia_0.wav
choccy_0	choccy	tʃɒkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/choccy_0.wav
rotherham_0	rotherham	rɒðərəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rotherham_0.wav
globalize_0	globalize	gloʊbəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/globalize_0.wav
examen_0	examen	ɪɡzeɪmɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/examen_0.wav
centerfold_0	centerfold	sɛntərfoʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centerfold_0.wav
torsk_0	torsk	tɔːsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/torsk_0.wav
solubility_0	solubility	ˌsɒljʊbɪlɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solubility_0.wav
peduncle_0	peduncle	pɪdʌŋkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peduncle_0.wav
albacete_0	albacete	alβaθete	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/albacete_0.wav
flexitarian_0	flexitarian	ˌflɛksɪtɛərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flexitarian_0.wav
kingcup_0	kingcup	kɪŋˌkʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kingcup_0.wav
retinopathy_0	retinopathy	ˌrɛtɪnɒpəθɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retinopathy_0.wav
satiate_0	satiate	seɪʃieɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/satiate_0.wav
repugnant_0	repugnant	rɪpʌgnənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repugnant_0.wav
bagswinger_0	bagswinger	bæɡˌswɪŋə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bagswinger_0.wav
menderes_0	menderes	ˌmɛndɛrɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/menderes_0.wav
buchu_0	buchu	buːkuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buchu_0.wav
leal_0	leal	liːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leal_0.wav
spire_1	spire	spaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spire_1.wav
franklin_0	franklin	fræŋklɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/franklin_0.wav
tenpenny_0	tenpenny	tɛnpənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tenpenny_0.wav
ballhawk_0	ballhawk	bɔːlˌhɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/ballhawk_0.wav
supergraphics_0	supergraphics	suːpəˌɡræfɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/supergraphics_0.wav
gangrene_0	gangrene	gæŋgriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangrene_0.wav
zatlers_0	zatlers	zætləz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/za/zatlers_0.wav
exaction_0	exaction	ɪɡzækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exaction_0.wav
ethelbert_0	ethelbert	ɛθəlˌbɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethelbert_0.wav
moonlight_0	moonlight	muːnlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moonlight_0.wav
ad_0	ad	æd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/ad_0.wav
vindication_0	vindication	ˌvɪndɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vindication_0.wav
apoenzyme_0	apoenzyme	ˌæpəʊɛnzaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apoenzyme_0.wav
knee-slapper_0	knee-slapper	niˌslæpər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knee-slapper_0.wav
peltate_0	peltate	pɛlteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peltate_0.wav
legality_0	legality	ligælɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/legality_0.wav
transcendence_0	transcendence	trænsendəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transcendence_0.wav
calyculus_0	calyculus	kəlɪkjuləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calyculus_0.wav
accidental_0	accidental	æksɪdentəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accidental_0.wav
kingsford-smith_0	kingsford-smith	kɪŋzfədsmɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kingsford-smith_0.wav
gherkin_0	gherkin	gɜːʳkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gh/gherkin_0.wav
brought_0	brought	brɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brought_0.wav
proabortion_0	proabortion	ˌprəʊəbɔːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proabortion_0.wav
wore_0	wore	wɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wore_0.wav
prednisone_0	prednisone	prɛdnɪˌsəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prednisone_0.wav
figuline_0	figuline	fɪɡjʊˌlaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/figuline_0.wav
khanga_0	khanga	kæŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kh/khanga_0.wav
grateful_0	grateful	greɪtfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grateful_0.wav
tampere_0	tampere	tampɛrɛ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tampere_0.wav
jejunostomy_0	jejunostomy	dʒɪdʒuːnɒstəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jejunostomy_0.wav
symmetry_0	symmetry	sɪmɪtri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/symmetry_0.wav
docu-soap_0	docu-soap	dɒkjʊˌsəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/docu-soap_0.wav
auriscope_0	auriscope	ɔːrɪˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auriscope_0.wav
monosemy_0	monosemy	mɒnəʊˌsiːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monosemy_0.wav
salpiglossis_0	salpiglossis	ˌsælpɪɡlɒsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salpiglossis_0.wav
built-up_0	built-up	bɪltʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/built-up_0.wav
mechanize_0	mechanize	mekənaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mechanize_0.wav
dasht-i-kavir_0	dasht-i-kavir	ˌdæʃtiːkævɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dasht-i-kavir_0.wav
paranormal_0	paranormal	pærənɔːʳməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paranormal_0.wav
qigong_0	qigong	tʃiːɡɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qi/qigong_0.wav
netiquette_0	netiquette	netɪket	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/netiquette_0.wav
jane_2	jane	dʒeɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jane_2.wav
clivia_0	clivia	klaɪvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clivia_0.wav
instauration_0	instauration	ˌɪnstɔːreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instauration_0.wav
weill_0	weill	vaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weill_0.wav
lakh_0	lakh	lɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lakh_0.wav
godroon_0	godroon	ɡədruːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/godroon_0.wav
outbreeding_0	outbreeding	aʊtˌbridɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outbreeding_0.wav
persevere_0	persevere	pɜːʳsɪvɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/persevere_0.wav
olfactory_0	olfactory	ɒlfæktəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/olfactory_0.wav
isis_0	isis	aɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isis_0.wav
griffith_0	griffith	ɡrɪfɪθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/griffith_0.wav
r&amp;b_0	r&amp;b	ɑːr ən biː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/r&/r&amp;b_0.wav
barrel_0	barrel	bærəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barrel_0.wav
unwieldy_0	unwieldy	ʌnwiːldi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unwieldy_0.wav
kabala_0	kabala	kəbɑːlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kabala_0.wav
pavlova_1	pavlova	pævloʊvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pavlova_1.wav
smudgy_0	smudgy	smʌdʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smudgy_0.wav
referable_0	referable	rɪfɜːrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/referable_0.wav
nozzle_0	nozzle	nɒzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nozzle_0.wav
anglesite_0	anglesite	æŋɡəlˌsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anglesite_0.wav
bijapur_0	bijapur	bɪdʒɑːpʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bijapur_0.wav
beseech_0	beseech	bɪsiːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beseech_0.wav
sidewinder_0	sidewinder	saɪdˌwaɪndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sidewinder_0.wav
tombac_0	tombac	tɒmbæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tombac_0.wav
offence_0	offence	əfens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/offence_0.wav
molecule_0	molecule	mɒlɪkjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molecule_0.wav
catalase_0	catalase	kætəˌleɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catalase_0.wav
vegeburger_0	vegeburger	vedʒibɜːʳgəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vegeburger_0.wav
toff_0	toff	tɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toff_0.wav
sestet_0	sestet	sɛstɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sestet_0.wav
aquaplane_0	aquaplane	ækwəˌpleɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aq/aquaplane_0.wav
churning_0	churning	tʃɜːʳnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/churning_0.wav
legion_0	legion	liːdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/legion_0.wav
grievous_0	grievous	griːvəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grievous_0.wav
quarterage_0	quarterage	kwɔːtərɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quarterage_0.wav
tui_0	tui	tuːɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tui_0.wav
waveband_0	waveband	weɪvbænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waveband_0.wav
ensconced_0	ensconced	ɪnskɒnst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/ensconced_0.wav
detergency_0	detergency	dɪtɜːdʒənsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detergency_0.wav
docket_0	docket	dɒkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/docket_0.wav
misled_0	misled	mɪsled	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misled_0.wav
houdon_0	houdon	udɔ̃	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/houdon_0.wav
discrimination_1	discrimination	dɪskrɪmɪneɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/discrimination_1.wav
monasticism_0	monasticism	mənæstɪˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monasticism_0.wav
pseudocopulation_0	pseudocopulation	ˌsjuːdəʊˌkɒpjʊleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/pseudocopulation_0.wav
thusly_0	thusly	ðʌslɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thusly_0.wav
speiss_0	speiss	spaɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/speiss_0.wav
ecliptic_1	ecliptic	ɪklɪptɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/ecliptic_1.wav
vasty_0	vasty	vɑːstɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vasty_0.wav
cratering_0	cratering	kreɪərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cratering_0.wav
sit-in_0	sit-in	sɪtˌɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sit-in_0.wav
r-color_0	r-color	ɑrˌkʌlər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/r-/r-color_0.wav
gila_0	gila	hiːla	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gila_0.wav
rumormonger_0	rumormonger	rumərmʌŋgər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rumormonger_0.wav
sculpt_0	sculpt	skʌlpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/sculpt_0.wav
decree_0	decree	dɪkriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decree_0.wav
nought_1	nought	nɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nought_1.wav
diabase_0	diabase	daɪəˌbeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diabase_0.wav
tectonic_0	tectonic	tektɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tectonic_0.wav
prefix_0	prefix	priːfɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prefix_0.wav
gurnard_0	gurnard	ɡɜːnəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gurnard_0.wav
henceforward_0	henceforward	hensfɔːʳwəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/henceforward_0.wav
anambra_0	anambra	ənæmbrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anambra_0.wav
tailorbird_0	tailorbird	teɪləˌbɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tailorbird_0.wav
bellyache_0	bellyache	belieɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bellyache_0.wav
clubber_0	clubber	klʌbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clubber_0.wav
swink_0	swink	swɪŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swink_0.wav
overbooked_0	overbooked	oʊvəʳbʊkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overbooked_0.wav
heptathlete_0	heptathlete	hɛptæθˌlit	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heptathlete_0.wav
hypotension_0	hypotension	ˌhaɪpəʊtɛnʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypotension_0.wav
morganatic_0	morganatic	ˌmɔːɡənætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morganatic_0.wav
hotel_0	hotel	hoʊtel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hotel_0.wav
coupling_0	coupling	kʌplɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coupling_0.wav
slag_1	slag	slæg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slag_1.wav
gelation_0	gelation	dʒɪleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gelation_0.wav
serengeti_0	serengeti	ˌsɛrəngɛti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serengeti_0.wav
wilbur_0	wilbur	wɪlbər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wilbur_0.wav
consistency_0	consistency	kənsɪstənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/consistency_0.wav
sensitivity_0	sensitivity	ˌsɛnsɪtɪvɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sensitivity_0.wav
planogamete_0	planogamete	plænəɡəˌmiːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/planogamete_0.wav
teary_0	teary	tɪərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teary_0.wav
mee_0	mee	miː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mee_0.wav
loopy_0	loopy	luːpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loopy_0.wav
jacobean_0	jacobean	dʒækəbiːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jacobean_0.wav
hayrick_0	hayrick	heɪˌrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hayrick_0.wav
illuminati_0	illuminati	ɪˌluːmɪnɑːtiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illuminati_0.wav
itsy-bitsy_0	itsy-bitsy	ɪtsɪbɪtsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/itsy-bitsy_0.wav
methodical_0	methodical	məθɒdɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/methodical_0.wav
thespis_0	thespis	θɛspɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thespis_0.wav
secretarial_0	secretarial	sekrəteəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/secretarial_0.wav
leaf_0	leaf	liːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leaf_0.wav
easterly_0	easterly	iːstəʳli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/easterly_0.wav
grower_0	grower	groʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grower_0.wav
bludger_0	bludger	blʌdʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bludger_0.wav
capacity_1	capacity	kəpæsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/capacity_1.wav
teratology_0	teratology	ˌtɛrətɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teratology_0.wav
sod_2	sod	sɒdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sod_2.wav
poisoner_0	poisoner	pɔɪzənəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poisoner_0.wav
antioxidant_0	antioxidant	æntiɒksɪdənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antioxidant_0.wav
elche_0	elche	ɛltʃe	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elche_0.wav
redaction_0	redaction	rɪdækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redaction_0.wav
traumatism_0	traumatism	trɔːməˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/traumatism_0.wav
nightly_0	nightly	naɪtli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nightly_0.wav
erratic_1	erratic	ɪrætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erratic_1.wav
metaplasia_0	metaplasia	ˌmɛtəpleɪzɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metaplasia_0.wav
painkiller_0	painkiller	peɪnkɪləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/painkiller_0.wav
pigment_0	pigment	pɪgmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pigment_0.wav
gif_0	gif	gɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gif_0.wav
detestation_0	detestation	ˌdiːtɛsteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detestation_0.wav
cavernous_0	cavernous	kævəʳnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cavernous_0.wav
colposcope_0	colposcope	kɒlpəˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colposcope_0.wav
inebriated_1	inebriated	ɪniːbrieɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inebriated_1.wav
self-analysis_0	self-analysis	sɛlfənæləsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-analysis_0.wav
suet_0	suet	suːɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suet_0.wav
terbium_0	terbium	tɜːbɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terbium_0.wav
homeware_0	homeware	həʊmwɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homeware_0.wav
twentyfold_0	twentyfold	twɛntɪˌfəʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twentyfold_0.wav
twin_1	twin	twɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twin_1.wav
springing_0	springing	sprɪŋɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/springing_0.wav
litterbag_0	litterbag	lɪtəˌbæɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/litterbag_0.wav
vent_0	vent	vent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vent_0.wav
wolfsbane_0	wolfsbane	wʊlfsˌbeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wolfsbane_0.wav
mercery_0	mercery	mɜrsəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mercery_0.wav
maddening_0	maddening	mædənɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maddening_0.wav
troth_1	troth	trəʊθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/troth_1.wav
megaproject_0	megaproject	mɛɡəˌprɒdʒɛkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megaproject_0.wav
poseidon_0	poseidon	pɒsaɪdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poseidon_0.wav
infarction_0	infarction	ɪnfɑːkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infarction_0.wav
epimerism_0	epimerism	ɪpɪməˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epimerism_0.wav
diane_0	diane	daɪæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diane_0.wav
buffoon_0	buffoon	bʌfuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buffoon_0.wav
insomuch_0	insomuch	ˌɪnsəʊmʌtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insomuch_0.wav
orthoptist_0	orthoptist	ɔːθɒptɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orthoptist_0.wav
heterosexuality_0	heterosexuality	ˌhɛtərəʊˌsɛksjʊælɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heterosexuality_0.wav
dichotomy_1	dichotomy	daɪkɒtəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dichotomy_1.wav
ruthful_0	ruthful	ruːθfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/ruthful_0.wav
mahabharata_0	mahabharata	məˌhɑːbɑːrətə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mahabharata_0.wav
demarket_0	demarket	diːmɑːkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demarket_0.wav
curtate_0	curtate	kɜːteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curtate_0.wav
chew_1	chew	tʃuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chew_1.wav
semester_0	semester	sɪmestəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semester_0.wav
fore_0	fore	fɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fore_0.wav
fibro_0	fibro	faɪbrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fibro_0.wav
superfix_0	superfix	suːpəˌfɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superfix_0.wav
phenomena_0	phenomena	fɪnɒmɪnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phenomena_0.wav
bladdernose_0	bladdernose	blædəˌnəʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bladdernose_0.wav
muckworm_0	muckworm	mʌkˌwɜːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muckworm_0.wav
nonfat_0	nonfat	nɒnfæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonfat_0.wav
enter_0	enter	entəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enter_0.wav
tonality_1	tonality	toʊnælɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tonality_1.wav
footpad_0	footpad	fʊtˌpæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footpad_0.wav
furcula_0	furcula	fɜːkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furcula_0.wav
deception_0	deception	dɪsepʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deception_0.wav
norfolk_0	norfolk	nɔːfək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/norfolk_0.wav
conceptualize_0	conceptualize	kənseptʃuəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conceptualize_0.wav
fret_0	fret	fret	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fret_0.wav
jussive_0	jussive	dʒʌsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jussive_0.wav
oviparous_1	oviparous	əʊvɪpərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/oviparous_1.wav
danaides_0	danaides	dəneɪɪˌdiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/danaides_0.wav
extracorporeal_0	extracorporeal	ˌɛkstrəkɔːpɔːrɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extracorporeal_0.wav
quebec_0	quebec	kwɪbek	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quebec_0.wav
c-note_0	c-note	siˌnoʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/c-/c-note_0.wav
oenone_0	oenone	iːnəʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oe/oenone_0.wav
elderly_0	elderly	eldəʳli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elderly_0.wav
necessaries_0	necessaries	nɛsɪsərɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/necessaries_0.wav
square-rigger_0	square-rigger	skwɛrrɪgər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/square-rigger_0.wav
tabaret_0	tabaret	tæbərɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tabaret_0.wav
feebleminded_0	feebleminded	fibəlˌmaɪndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feebleminded_0.wav
impunity_1	impunity	ɪmpjuːnɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impunity_1.wav
multitrack_0	multitrack	mʌltɪˌtræk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multitrack_0.wav
ozonize_0	ozonize	əʊzəʊˌnaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oz/ozonize_0.wav
ventris_0	ventris	vɛntrɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/ventris_0.wav
trifold_0	trifold	traɪˌfəʊld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trifold_0.wav
repairman_0	repairman	rɪpeəʳmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repairman_0.wav
bikini_0	bikini	bɪkiːni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bikini_0.wav
parnassus_1	parnassus	pɑːnæsəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parnassus_1.wav
caldron_0	caldron	kɔːldrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caldron_0.wav
play-doh_0	play-doh	pleɪdoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/play-doh_0.wav
smoker_0	smoker	smoʊkər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smoker_0.wav
aerology_0	aerology	ɛərɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ae/aerology_0.wav
powerboat_0	powerboat	paʊəʳboʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/powerboat_0.wav
thermostat_0	thermostat	θɜːʳməstæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermostat_0.wav
sholes_0	sholes	ʃəʊlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sholes_0.wav
hilarious_1	hilarious	hɪleəriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hilarious_1.wav
spent_1	spent	spent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spent_1.wav
glutaraldehyde_0	glutaraldehyde	ˌɡluːtərældɪˌhaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glutaraldehyde_0.wav
tarantino_0	tarantino	ˌtærəntiːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tarantino_0.wav
callais_0	callais	kəleɪɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/callais_0.wav
glint_0	glint	glɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glint_0.wav
gravid_0	gravid	ɡrævɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gravid_0.wav
hemorrhoid_0	hemorrhoid	hemərɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemorrhoid_0.wav
agonize_0	agonize	ægənaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agonize_0.wav
debrecen_0	debrecen	dɛbrɛtsɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/debrecen_0.wav
squeak_0	squeak	skwiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squeak_0.wav
bevatron_0	bevatron	bɛvəˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bevatron_0.wav
taro_0	taro	tɑːrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taro_0.wav
trillion_0	trillion	trɪljən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trillion_0.wav
varied_0	varied	veərid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/varied_0.wav
tidbit_0	tidbit	tɪdbɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tidbit_0.wav
tabasco_0	tabasco	tæbæskoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tabasco_0.wav
galactic_0	galactic	gəlæktɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galactic_0.wav
acetone_0	acetone	æsɪtoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acetone_0.wav
chirr_0	chirr	tʃɜː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chirr_0.wav
mellotron_0	mellotron	mɛləˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mellotron_0.wav
hekate_0	hekate	hɛkətɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hekate_0.wav
coalsack_0	coalsack	kəʊlˌsæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coalsack_0.wav
devotee_0	devotee	devətiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devotee_0.wav
wastelot_0	wastelot	weɪstˌlɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wastelot_0.wav
inexorable_0	inexorable	ɪneksərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inexorable_0.wav
prognosis_1	prognosis	prɒgnoʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prognosis_1.wav
elemi_0	elemi	ɛlɪmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elemi_0.wav
metabolomics_0	metabolomics	mɪtæˌbəlɒmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metabolomics_0.wav
lichee_0	lichee	ˌlaɪtʃiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lichee_0.wav
aua_0	aua	ɑːuːɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/aua_0.wav
hemipterous_0	hemipterous	hɪmɪptərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemipterous_0.wav
manitou_0	manitou	mænɪˌtuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manitou_0.wav
anapest_0	anapest	ænəˌpɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anapest_0.wav
antipsychiatry_0	antipsychiatry	ˌæntɪsaɪkaɪətrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antipsychiatry_0.wav
bioconversion_0	bioconversion	ˌbaɪəʊkənvɜːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bioconversion_0.wav
humint_0	humint	hjuːmɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/humint_0.wav
funding_0	funding	fʌndɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/funding_0.wav
resume_0	resume	rɪzjuːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resume_0.wav
mock-heroic_0	mock-heroic	ˌmɑkhɪroʊɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mock-heroic_0.wav
serialism_0	serialism	sɪərɪəˌlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serialism_0.wav
preoccupied_1	preoccupied	priɒkjʊpaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preoccupied_1.wav
n_3	n	en	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/n/n_3.wav
tatt_0	tatt	tæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tatt_0.wav
resistless_0	resistless	rɪzɪstlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resistless_0.wav
genesis_0	genesis	dʒenɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/genesis_0.wav
beaton_0	beaton	biːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaton_0.wav
huppah_0	huppah	hʊpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/huppah_0.wav
kotch_0	kotch	kɒtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kotch_0.wav
plenum_0	plenum	pliːnəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plenum_0.wav
urologist_0	urologist	jʊrɒlədʒɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ur/urologist_0.wav
dandiprat_0	dandiprat	dændɪˌpræt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dandiprat_0.wav
kefir_0	kefir	kɛfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kefir_0.wav
sixpence_0	sixpence	sɪkspəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sixpence_0.wav
eviction_0	eviction	ɪvɪkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/eviction_0.wav
hydrogenolysis_0	hydrogenolysis	ˌhaɪdrəʊdʒɪnɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrogenolysis_0.wav
striker_0	striker	straɪkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/striker_0.wav
penn_0	penn	penəθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/penn_0.wav
immerse_1	immerse	ɪmɜːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immerse_1.wav
freshet_0	freshet	frɛʃɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freshet_0.wav
java_0	java	dʒɑːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/java_0.wav
bully_0	bully	bʊli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bully_0.wav
audiobook_0	audiobook	ɔːdɪəʊˌbʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/audiobook_0.wav
intent_0	intent	ɪntent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intent_0.wav
dicyclic_0	dicyclic	daɪsaɪklɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dicyclic_0.wav
louse_1	louse	laʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/louse_1.wav
behead_0	behead	bɪhed	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/behead_0.wav
guilloche_0	guilloche	ɡɪlɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guilloche_0.wav
euploid_0	euploid	juːplɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euploid_0.wav
highlander_0	highlander	haɪləndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/highlander_0.wav
mofette_0	mofette	məʊfɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mofette_0.wav
hipped_0	hipped	hɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hipped_0.wav
pleopod_0	pleopod	pliːəˌpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pleopod_0.wav
odontorhynchous_0	odontorhynchous	ɒˌdɒntərɪŋkəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/od/odontorhynchous_0.wav
dry-shod_0	dry-shod	draɪˌʃɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dry-shod_0.wav
cruces_0	cruces	kruːsiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cruces_0.wav
vitascope_0	vitascope	vaɪtəˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vitascope_0.wav
abirritant_0	abirritant	æbɪrɪtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abirritant_0.wav
asben_0	asben	æsbɛn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asben_0.wav
brannigan_0	brannigan	brænɪɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brannigan_0.wav
geosphere_0	geosphere	dʒiːəʊˌsfɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geosphere_0.wav
diamantine_0	diamantine	ˌdaɪəmæntaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diamantine_0.wav
plonko_0	plonko	plɒŋkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plonko_0.wav
alcman_0	alcman	ælkmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alcman_0.wav
sickroom_0	sickroom	sɪkruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sickroom_0.wav
ottava_0	ottava	əʊtɑːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ot/ottava_0.wav
paid_0	paid	peɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paid_0.wav
assessor_1	assessor	əsesəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/assessor_1.wav
toft_0	toft	tɒft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toft_0.wav
anodontia_0	anodontia	ˌænəʊdɒnʃɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anodontia_0.wav
junker_0	junker	jʊŋkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/junker_0.wav
vintage_0	vintage	vɪntɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vintage_0.wav
salariat_0	salariat	səlɛərɪət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salariat_0.wav
monochromatism_0	monochromatism	ˌmɒnəʊkrəʊməˌtɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monochromatism_0.wav
palmette_0	palmette	pælmɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmette_0.wav
overblown_0	overblown	oʊvəʳbloʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overblown_0.wav
r&amp;d_0	r&amp;d	ɑːr ən diː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/r&/r&amp;d_0.wav
rejoice_0	rejoice	rɪdʒɔɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rejoice_0.wav
myra_0	myra	maɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/myra_0.wav
ringed_0	ringed	rɪŋd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ringed_0.wav
malarial_0	malarial	məleəriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malarial_0.wav
parochialism_0	parochialism	pəroʊkiəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parochialism_0.wav
nth_0	nth	enθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nt/nth_0.wav
giddy_0	giddy	gɪdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/giddy_0.wav
electrostatics_0	electrostatics	ɪˌlɛktrəʊstætɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electrostatics_0.wav
byway_0	byway	baɪweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/by/byway_0.wav
kalpak_0	kalpak	kælpæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kalpak_0.wav
ascocarp_0	ascocarp	æskəˌkɑːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ascocarp_0.wav
canzonetta_0	canzonetta	ˌkænzənɛtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canzonetta_0.wav
good-fellowship_0	good-fellowship	gʊdfɛloʊˌʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/good-fellowship_0.wav
latrine_1	latrine	lətriːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/latrine_1.wav
maritage_0	maritage	mærɪtɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maritage_0.wav
versicular_0	versicular	vɜːsɪkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/versicular_0.wav
spelaean_0	spelaean	spɪliːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spelaean_0.wav
derive_0	derive	dɪraɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/derive_0.wav
yuletide_0	yuletide	juːltaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yuletide_0.wav
brave_1	brave	breɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brave_1.wav
vasarely_0	vasarely	ˌvæsərɛlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vasarely_0.wav
minstrel_0	minstrel	mɪnstrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minstrel_0.wav
mbabane_1	mbabane	əmbɑːbɑːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mb/mbabane_1.wav
morava_0	morava	mərɑːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/morava_0.wav
criminous_0	criminous	krɪmɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/criminous_0.wav
bhajan_0	bhajan	bʌdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bh/bhajan_0.wav
thereon_0	thereon	ðeərɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thereon_0.wav
rotavirus_0	rotavirus	rəʊtəˌvaɪrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rotavirus_0.wav
wharf_0	wharf	hwɔːʳf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/wharf_0.wav
pooped_0	pooped	puːpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pooped_0.wav
downpatrick_0	downpatrick	ˌdaʊnpætrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downpatrick_0.wav
perverted_1	perverted	pəʳvɜːʳtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perverted_1.wav
statecraft_0	statecraft	steɪtˌkrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/statecraft_0.wav
self-confessed_0	self-confessed	sɛlfkənfɛst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-confessed_0.wav
bandleader_0	bandleader	bændliːdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandleader_0.wav
radial_0	radial	reɪdiəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/radial_0.wav
stair_1	stair	steəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stair_1.wav
unction_0	unction	ʌŋkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unction_0.wav
bajan_0	bajan	beɪdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bajan_0.wav
alcatraz_0	alcatraz	ælkəˌtræz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alcatraz_0.wav
potus_0	potus	pəʊtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potus_0.wav
database_0	database	deɪtəbeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/database_0.wav
stem_1	stem	stem	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stem_1.wav
creak_0	creak	kriːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/creak_0.wav
fibroid_0	fibroid	faɪbrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fibroid_0.wav
sastra_0	sastra	ʃɑːstrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sastra_0.wav
mastectomy_1	mastectomy	mæstektəmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mastectomy_1.wav
anomalous_0	anomalous	ənɒmələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anomalous_0.wav
nauseating_0	nauseating	nɔːzieɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nauseating_0.wav
cupulate_0	cupulate	kjuːpjʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cupulate_0.wav
shtetl_0	shtetl	ʃtetəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shtetl_0.wav
seamless_0	seamless	siːmləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seamless_0.wav
cossie_0	cossie	kɒzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cossie_0.wav
suds_1	suds	sʌdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suds_1.wav
king-of-arms_0	king-of-arms	kɪŋəvɑrmz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/king-of-arms_0.wav
freda_0	freda	fridə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freda_0.wav
anesthetist_1	anesthetist	əniːsθətɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anesthetist_1.wav
videotape_0	videotape	vɪdioʊteɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/videotape_0.wav
pantofle_0	pantofle	pæntɒfəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pantofle_0.wav
dmso_0	dmso	ˌdiˌɛmˌɛsoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dm/dmso_0.wav
rune_1	rune	ruːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rune_1.wav
norwegian_0	norwegian	nɔːʳwiːdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/norwegian_0.wav
swanndri_0	swanndri	swɒnˌdraɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swanndri_0.wav
starlit_0	starlit	stɑːʳlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/starlit_0.wav
ordovician_0	ordovician	ˌɔːdəʊvɪʃɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ordovician_0.wav
cheek_0	cheek	tʃiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheek_0.wav
pinata_0	pinata	ˌpɪnjata	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinata_0.wav
admirable_0	admirable	ædmɪrəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/admirable_0.wav
sodomite_0	sodomite	sɒdəˌmaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sodomite_0.wav
hydrocracking_0	hydrocracking	haɪdrəʊˌkrækɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrocracking_0.wav
card_1	card	kɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/card_1.wav
borescope_0	borescope	bɔːˌskəʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/borescope_0.wav
splat_0	splat	splæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splat_0.wav
prolusion_0	prolusion	prəluːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prolusion_0.wav
blessing_0	blessing	blesɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blessing_0.wav
paneling_0	paneling	pænəlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paneling_0.wav
agrestic_0	agrestic	əɡrɛstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/agrestic_0.wav
survivor_1	survivor	səʳvaɪvəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/survivor_1.wav
bandsman_0	bandsman	bændzmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandsman_0.wav
doubles_0	doubles	dʌbəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doubles_0.wav
lumme_0	lumme	lʌmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lumme_0.wav
tzu-po_0	tzu-po	tsuːpəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tz/tzu-po_0.wav
craven_0	craven	kreɪvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/craven_0.wav
caenozoic_0	caenozoic	ˌsiːnəzəʊɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caenozoic_0.wav
procedural_1	procedural	prəsiːdʒərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/procedural_1.wav
commercialism_0	commercialism	kəmɜːʳʃəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commercialism_0.wav
inquiring_0	inquiring	ɪnkwaɪərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inquiring_0.wav
climate_0	climate	klaɪmət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/climate_0.wav
python_0	python	paɪθən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/python_0.wav
zug_0	zug	tsuːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zu/zug_0.wav
depressed_0	depressed	dɪprest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/depressed_0.wav
pholus_0	pholus	fəuləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/pholus_0.wav
ergosterol_0	ergosterol	ɜːɡɒstəˌrɒl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/ergosterol_0.wav
skyey_0	skyey	skaɪɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skyey_0.wav
auriga_0	auriga	ɔːraɪɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auriga_0.wav
sam_0	sam	sæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sam_0.wav
beanstalk_0	beanstalk	biːnˌstɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beanstalk_0.wav
whistler_0	whistler	wɪslə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whistler_0.wav
carcinogenic_0	carcinogenic	kɑːʳsɪnədʒenɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carcinogenic_0.wav
allocation_0	allocation	æləkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/allocation_0.wav
eid-ul-fitr_0	eid-ul-fitr	iːdʊlˌfiːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/eid-ul-fitr_0.wav
unseam_0	unseam	ʌnsiːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unseam_0.wav
inedited_0	inedited	ɪnɛdɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inedited_0.wav
phonetics_1	phonetics	fənetɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phonetics_1.wav
petition_1	petition	pətɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petition_1.wav
comprise_0	comprise	kəmpraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comprise_0.wav
woollcott_0	woollcott	wʊlkɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woollcott_0.wav
coir_1	coir	kɔɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coir_1.wav
rhachis_0	rhachis	reɪkɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhachis_0.wav
anglophile_0	anglophile	æŋgloʊfaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anglophile_0.wav
disown_1	disown	dɪsoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disown_1.wav
militaria_0	militaria	ˌmɪlɪtɛərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/militaria_0.wav
bladderwort_0	bladderwort	blædəˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bladderwort_0.wav
hesperia_0	hesperia	hɛspɪərɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hesperia_0.wav
roneo_0	roneo	rəʊnɪəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roneo_0.wav
dime_1	dime	daɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dime_1.wav
vogue_0	vogue	voʊg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vogue_0.wav
wattle_0	wattle	wɒtəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wattle_0.wav
blumberg_0	blumberg	blʊmbɜːɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blumberg_0.wav
profundity_1	profundity	prəfʌndɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/profundity_1.wav
stepwise_0	stepwise	stɛpˌwaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stepwise_0.wav
extubate_0	extubate	ɛkstjuːˌbeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extubate_0.wav
perspicacious_0	perspicacious	pɜːʳspɪkeɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perspicacious_0.wav
gangsta_0	gangsta	gæŋstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangsta_0.wav
articled_0	articled	ɑːʳtɪkəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/articled_0.wav
fumatorium_0	fumatorium	ˌfjuːmətɔːrɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fumatorium_0.wav
livid_0	livid	lɪvɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livid_0.wav
hound_2	hound	haʊndzˌtʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hound_2.wav
canoeing_0	canoeing	kənuːɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canoeing_0.wav
impersonate_0	impersonate	ɪmpɜːʳsəneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impersonate_0.wav
devious_0	devious	diːviəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devious_0.wav
palmy_0	palmy	pɑːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/palmy_0.wav
single-foot_0	single-foot	sɪŋgəlˌfʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/single-foot_0.wav
viraemia_0	viraemia	vaɪriːmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viraemia_0.wav
geneticist_0	geneticist	dʒɪnetɪsɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geneticist_0.wav
refusenik_1	refusenik	rɪfjuːznɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/refusenik_1.wav
cross-link_0	cross-link	krɔsˌlɪŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cross-link_0.wav
show-stopping_0	show-stopping	ʃəʊˌstɒpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/show-stopping_0.wav
seaborgium_0	seaborgium	siːbɔːɡɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seaborgium_0.wav
tattle_0	tattle	tætəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tattle_0.wav
mollyhawk_0	mollyhawk	mɒlɪˌhɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mollyhawk_0.wav
effendi_0	effendi	ɛfɛndɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ef/effendi_0.wav
coachee_0	coachee	ˌkəʊtʃiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coachee_0.wav
punjabi_1	punjabi	pʌndʒɑːbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punjabi_1.wav
laterigrade_0	laterigrade	lætərɪˌɡreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laterigrade_0.wav
pitiful_0	pitiful	pɪtɪfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pitiful_0.wav
debra_0	debra	dɛbrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/debra_0.wav
send_39	send	ʌndəðəkaʊntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/send_39.wav
monogenetic_0	monogenetic	ˌmɒnəʊdʒɪnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monogenetic_0.wav
famished_0	famished	fæmɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/famished_0.wav
argumentum_0	argumentum	ˌɑːɡjʊmɛntəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/argumentum_0.wav
hookworm_0	hookworm	hʊkˌwɜːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hookworm_0.wav
tightass_0	tightass	taɪtˌæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tightass_0.wav
mid-rise_0	mid-rise	mɪdˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mid-rise_0.wav
shroff_0	shroff	ʃrɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shroff_0.wav
vlach_0	vlach	vlɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vl/vlach_0.wav
cuss_0	cuss	kʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cuss_0.wav
royalism_0	royalism	rɔɪəlˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/royalism_0.wav
strange_1	strange	streɪndʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strange_1.wav
patrolman_1	patrolman	pətroʊlmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patrolman_1.wav
egmont_0	egmont	ɛɡmɒnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eg/egmont_0.wav
hemizygous_0	hemizygous	ˌhɛmɪzaɪɡəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hemizygous_0.wav
auspicious_1	auspicious	ɔːspɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auspicious_1.wav
precious_0	precious	preʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precious_0.wav
mainstream_0	mainstream	meɪnstriːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mainstream_0.wav
bronchiole_0	bronchiole	brɒŋkɪˌəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/bronchiole_0.wav
waxy_0	waxy	wæksi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waxy_0.wav
iona_0	iona	aɪəʊnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/iona_0.wav
complementarity_0	complementarity	ˌkɒmplɪməntærɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complementarity_0.wav
carnap_0	carnap	kɑːnæp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carnap_0.wav
brawn_0	brawn	brɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brawn_0.wav
mesopotamian_0	mesopotamian	ˌmɛsəpəteɪmɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mesopotamian_0.wav
concubinage_0	concubinage	kɒnkjuːbɪnɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concubinage_0.wav
ovary_0	ovary	oʊvəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/ovary_0.wav
ethics_0	ethics	ɛθɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethics_0.wav
snafu_0	snafu	snæfu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snafu_0.wav
cross-examine_0	cross-examine	krɔsɪgˌzæmɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cross-examine_0.wav
electromechanical_0	electromechanical	ɪˌlɛktrəʊmɪkænɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electromechanical_0.wav
megahertz_0	megahertz	megəhɜːʳts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megahertz_0.wav
button_0	button	bʌtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/button_0.wav
ulcerated_0	ulcerated	ʌlsəreɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ulcerated_0.wav
pond_0	pond	pɒnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pond_0.wav
parched_0	parched	pɑːʳtʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parched_0.wav
offertory_0	offertory	ɒfətərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/offertory_0.wav
punishable_0	punishable	pʌnɪʃəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punishable_0.wav
knives_1	knives	naɪvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knives_1.wav
confute_0	confute	kənfjuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confute_0.wav
goblin_0	goblin	gɒblɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goblin_0.wav
limbate_0	limbate	lɪmbeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/limbate_0.wav
knucklebone_0	knucklebone	nʌkəlˌbəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knucklebone_0.wav
sunbelt_0	sunbelt	sʌnbelt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sunbelt_0.wav
garbo_0	garbo	ɡɑːbəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garbo_0.wav
oaks_0	oaks	əʊks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oaks_0.wav
self-serve_0	self-serve	sɛlfsɜrv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-serve_0.wav
yay_0	yay	jeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yay_0.wav
remorse_1	remorse	rɪmɔːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/remorse_1.wav
grammatology_0	grammatology	ˌɡræmətɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grammatology_0.wav
thanatopsis_0	thanatopsis	ˌθænətɒpsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thanatopsis_0.wav
bushelbasket_0	bushelbasket	bʊʃəlˌbæskɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bushelbasket_0.wav
nick_1	nick	nɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nick_1.wav
acyclovir_0	acyclovir	eɪsaɪkləʊˌvɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acyclovir_0.wav
jehovist_0	jehovist	dʒɪhəʊvɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jehovist_0.wav
terneplate_0	terneplate	tɜrnˌpleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terneplate_0.wav
nonsocial_0	nonsocial	ˌnɒnsəʊʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonsocial_0.wav
crampfish_0	crampfish	kræmpˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crampfish_0.wav
politic_0	politic	pɒlɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/politic_0.wav
gangliated_0	gangliated	gæŋgliˌeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangliated_0.wav
adjourn_1	adjourn	ədʒɜːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adjourn_1.wav
its_1	its	ɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/its_1.wav
hoofed_0	hoofed	huːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hoofed_0.wav
wheaten_0	wheaten	wiːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/wheaten_0.wav
myopathy_0	myopathy	maɪɒpəθɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/myopathy_0.wav
keffiyeh_0	keffiyeh	kɛfiːjə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keffiyeh_0.wav
lockup_0	lockup	lɑkˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lockup_0.wav
shahjahanpur_0	shahjahanpur	ˌʃɑːdʒəˌhɑːnpʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shahjahanpur_0.wav
ocd_0	ocd	oʊ si di	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/ocd_0.wav
escalate_0	escalate	eskəleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/escalate_0.wav
bhaskar_0	bhaskar	bʌsˌkɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bh/bhaskar_0.wav
glamor_0	glamor	glæməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glamor_0.wav
wilberforce_0	wilberforce	wɪlbəˌfɔːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wilberforce_0.wav
archicarp_0	archicarp	ɑːkɪˌkɑːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archicarp_0.wav
inversion_0	inversion	ɪnvɜːʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inversion_0.wav
identikit_0	identikit	aɪdentɪkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/identikit_0.wav
scarab_0	scarab	skærəb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scarab_0.wav
epiphragm_0	epiphragm	ɛpɪˌfræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epiphragm_0.wav
victorious_1	victorious	vɪktɔːriəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/victorious_1.wav
lathe_0	lathe	leɪð	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lathe_0.wav
cantankerous_0	cantankerous	kæntæŋkərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cantankerous_0.wav
untypical_1	untypical	ʌntɪpɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/untypical_1.wav
unable_0	unable	ʌneɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unable_0.wav
disjunctive_0	disjunctive	dɪsdʒʌŋktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disjunctive_0.wav
tübingen_0	tübingen	tjuːbɪŋən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tü/tübingen_0.wav
kak_0	kak	kʌk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kak_0.wav
filly_0	filly	fɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/filly_0.wav
unstoppable_1	unstoppable	ʌnstɒpəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unstoppable_1.wav
langar_0	langar	lʌnɡaː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/langar_0.wav
suave_1	suave	swɑːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suave_1.wav
foundation_0	foundation	faʊndeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foundation_0.wav
forfaiting_0	forfaiting	fɔːˌfeɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forfaiting_0.wav
orthocephalic_0	orthocephalic	ˌɔːθəʊsɪfælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orthocephalic_0.wav
sercq_0	sercq	sɛrk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sercq_0.wav
ill-looking_0	ill-looking	ɪllʊkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/ill-looking_0.wav
diffusionism_0	diffusionism	dɪfjuːʒəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diffusionism_0.wav
pseudosalt_0	pseudosalt	sudoʊˌsɔlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/pseudosalt_0.wav
another_1	another	ənʌðəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/another_1.wav
americana_0	americana	əmerɪkɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/americana_0.wav
tenderloin_0	tenderloin	tɛndəˌlɔɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tenderloin_0.wav
preceptory_0	preceptory	prɪsɛptərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preceptory_0.wav
reconsider_0	reconsider	riːkənsɪdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reconsider_0.wav
gangtok_0	gangtok	ɡʌŋtɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangtok_0.wav
paltry_0	paltry	pɔːltri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paltry_0.wav
excrete_1	excrete	ɪkskriːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excrete_1.wav
christine_0	christine	krɪstin	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/christine_0.wav
volte_0	volte	vɒlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/volte_0.wav
probusiness_0	probusiness	prəʊbɪznɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/probusiness_0.wav
cecily_0	cecily	sɛsəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cecily_0.wav
speckle_0	speckle	spɛkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/speckle_0.wav
chiliarch_0	chiliarch	kɪlɪɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chiliarch_0.wav
nitroso_0	nitroso	naɪtrəʊsəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nitroso_0.wav
copperplate_0	copperplate	kɒpəˌpleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/copperplate_0.wav
southeastern_0	southeastern	saʊθistərn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/southeastern_0.wav
solferino_0	solferino	ˌsɒlfəriːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solferino_0.wav
unbecoming_0	unbecoming	ʌnbɪkʌmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unbecoming_0.wav
macrocyte_0	macrocyte	mækrəʊˌsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macrocyte_0.wav
seine_0	seine	seɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seine_0.wav
clamp_1	clamp	klæmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clamp_1.wav
sikh_1	sikh	siːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sikh_1.wav
rhapsodic_0	rhapsodic	ræpsɒdɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhapsodic_0.wav
thadentsonyane_0	thadentsonyane	ˌtɑːdəntsɒnjənə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thadentsonyane_0.wav
tsunami_0	tsunami	tsʊnɑːmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ts/tsunami_0.wav
strife_1	strife	straɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strife_1.wav
pteridology_0	pteridology	ˌtɛrɪdɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pt/pteridology_0.wav
prosthesis_0	prosthesis	prɒsθiːsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prosthesis_0.wav
vo-ed_0	vo-ed	voʊɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vo-ed_0.wav
holobenthic_0	holobenthic	ˌhɒləbɛnθɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holobenthic_0.wav
starfished_0	starfished	stɑːˌfɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/starfished_0.wav
percent_0	percent	pərsɛnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/percent_0.wav
reorder_0	reorder	riːɔːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reorder_0.wav
anaglyph_0	anaglyph	ænəˌɡlɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaglyph_0.wav
self-pity_0	self-pity	sɛlfpɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-pity_0.wav
worsted_0	worsted	wʊstɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worsted_0.wav
sulfonylurea_0	sulfonylurea	ˌsʌlfənɪljuriə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulfonylurea_0.wav
folium_0	folium	fəʊlɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/folium_0.wav
turk_1	turk	tɜːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turk_1.wav
nemophila_0	nemophila	nəmɒfɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nemophila_0.wav
colicky_0	colicky	kɒlɪki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colicky_0.wav
astronavigation_0	astronavigation	ˌæstrəʊˌnævɪɡeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astronavigation_0.wav
tret_0	tret	trɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tret_0.wav
epoxide_0	epoxide	ɪpɒksaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epoxide_0.wav
punch_1	punch	pʌntʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punch_1.wav
swampland_0	swampland	swɒmplænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swampland_0.wav
scallopini_0	scallopini	ˌskæləpiːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scallopini_0.wav
relive_0	relive	riːlɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/relive_0.wav
thiofuran_0	thiofuran	ˌθaɪəʊfjʊəræn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thiofuran_0.wav
hesitation_0	hesitation	hezɪteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hesitation_0.wav
slesvig_0	slesvig	sleːsvi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slesvig_0.wav
stye_0	stye	staɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stye_0.wav
tron_0	tron	trɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tron_0.wav
newfound_0	newfound	nufaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/newfound_0.wav
listerism_0	listerism	lɪstəˌrɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/listerism_0.wav
pelion_0	pelion	piːlɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pelion_0.wav
worthwhile_0	worthwhile	wɜːʳθhwaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worthwhile_0.wav
unsuitable_1	unsuitable	ʌnsuːtəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsuitable_1.wav
tarp_0	tarp	tɑːʳp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tarp_0.wav
lydia_0	lydia	lɪdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lydia_0.wav
nesbit_0	nesbit	nɛzbɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nesbit_0.wav
opt_1	opt	ɒpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/op/opt_1.wav
determine_1	determine	dɪtɜːʳmɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/determine_1.wav
exteriority_0	exteriority	ɪkˌstɪərɪɒrɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exteriority_0.wav
exosphere_0	exosphere	ɛksəʊˌsfɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exosphere_0.wav
construable_0	construable	kənstruəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/construable_0.wav
helter-skelter_0	helter-skelter	heltəʳ skeltəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/helter-skelter_0.wav
munitions_1	munitions	mjuːnɪʃənz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/munitions_1.wav
goalless_0	goalless	goʊlləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goalless_0.wav
infidel_0	infidel	ɪnfɪdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infidel_0.wav
kop_0	kop	kɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kop_0.wav
baseburner_0	baseburner	beɪsˌbɜːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baseburner_0.wav
implead_0	implead	ɪmpliːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/implead_0.wav
rabbiter_0	rabbiter	ræbɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rabbiter_0.wav
dynamotor_0	dynamotor	daɪnəˌməʊtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dy/dynamotor_0.wav
pilsner_0	pilsner	pɪlznə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pilsner_0.wav
protectorate_0	protectorate	prətektərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/protectorate_0.wav
tyrannous_0	tyrannous	tɪrənəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tyrannous_0.wav
thermal_0	thermal	θɜːʳməl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermal_0.wav
oafish_0	oafish	oʊfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oafish_0.wav
ocarina_0	ocarina	ˌɒkəriːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/ocarina_0.wav
stentor_0	stentor	stɛntɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stentor_0.wav
catamount_0	catamount	kætəˌmaʊnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catamount_0.wav
backbeat_0	backbeat	bækˌbiːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backbeat_0.wav
coition_0	coition	koʊɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coition_0.wav
recruitment_0	recruitment	rɪkruːtmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recruitment_0.wav
elector_0	elector	ɪlektəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elector_0.wav
excel_1	excel	ɪksel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excel_1.wav
macle_0	macle	mækəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macle_0.wav
fugitive_0	fugitive	fjuːdʒɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fugitive_0.wav
polycythemia_0	polycythemia	ˌpɑlɪsaɪθimiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polycythemia_0.wav
pyromagnetic_0	pyromagnetic	ˌpaɪrəʊmæɡnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyromagnetic_0.wav
grimy_0	grimy	graɪmi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grimy_0.wav
dioxan_0	dioxan	daɪɒksən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dioxan_0.wav
vindaloo_0	vindaloo	ˌvɪndəluː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vindaloo_0.wav
circumpolar_0	circumpolar	ˌsɜːkəmpəʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/circumpolar_0.wav
knight_1	knight	naɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knight_1.wav
parthenos_0	parthenos	pɑːθɪˌnɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parthenos_0.wav
menswear_0	menswear	menzweəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/menswear_0.wav
heiltsuk_0	heiltsuk	haɪlˌstʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heiltsuk_0.wav
syrinx_0	syrinx	sɪrɪŋks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syrinx_0.wav
bubble_0	bubble	bʌbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bubble_0.wav
vomitous_0	vomitous	vɒmɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vomitous_0.wav
hit_1	hit	hɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hit_1.wav
redolent_0	redolent	redələnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redolent_0.wav
thurible_0	thurible	θjʊərɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thurible_0.wav
hound_0	hound	haʊndzˌtʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hound_0.wav
hypostasis_0	hypostasis	haɪpɒstəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypostasis_0.wav
barbed_1	barbed	bɑːʳbd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barbed_1.wav
lascaux_0	lascaux	lasko	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lascaux_0.wav
lauds_0	lauds	lɔːdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lauds_0.wav
dodder_0	dodder	dɒdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dodder_0.wav
descale_0	descale	ˌdiːskeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/descale_0.wav
notice_0	notice	noʊtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/notice_0.wav
thrutch_0	thrutch	θrʌtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thrutch_0.wav
wigeon_0	wigeon	wɪdʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wigeon_0.wav
viable_0	viable	vaɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viable_0.wav
swotty_0	swotty	swɒtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swotty_0.wav
cogon_0	cogon	kəʊɡəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cogon_0.wav
rosette_0	rosette	roʊzet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rosette_0.wav
turbocharged_0	turbocharged	tɜrboʊtʃɑrdʒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/turbocharged_0.wav
udder_0	udder	ʌdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ud/udder_0.wav
rama_0	rama	rɑːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rama_0.wav
sicanian_0	sicanian	sɪkeɪnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sicanian_0.wav
geophone_0	geophone	dʒiːəʊˌfəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geophone_0.wav
shelterbelt_0	shelterbelt	ʃɛltərˌbɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shelterbelt_0.wav
world-shaking_0	world-shaking	wɜrldˌʃeɪkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/world-shaking_0.wav
microstate_0	microstate	maɪkrəʊˌsteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/microstate_0.wav
purveyance_0	purveyance	pəveɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purveyance_0.wav
marlin_0	marlin	mɑːlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marlin_0.wav
erinyes_0	erinyes	ɪrɪnɪˌiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erinyes_0.wav
belligerence_0	belligerence	bɪlɪdʒərəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belligerence_0.wav
sole_1	sole	soʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sole_1.wav
window-shop_0	window-shop	wɪndoʊˌʃɑp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/window-shop_0.wav
basilar_0	basilar	bæsɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basilar_0.wav
save-all_0	save-all	seɪvˌɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/save-all_0.wav
spidery_0	spidery	spaɪdəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spidery_0.wav
maldives_0	maldives	mɔːldiːvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maldives_0.wav
accommodating_1	accommodating	əkɒmədeɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accommodating_1.wav
solihull_0	solihull	ˌsəʊlɪhʌl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solihull_0.wav
rioja_0	rioja	riːəʊxə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rioja_0.wav
bidie-in_0	bidie-in	ˌbaɪdɪɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bidie-in_0.wav
feeling_0	feeling	fiːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feeling_0.wav
amorous_0	amorous	æmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amorous_0.wav
mother-of-pearl_0	mother-of-pearl	mʌðərəvpɜrl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mother-of-pearl_0.wav
riverine_0	riverine	rɪvəˌraɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/riverine_0.wav
antiquate_0	antiquate	æntɪˌkweɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiquate_0.wav
melanochroi_0	melanochroi	ˌmɛlənɒkrəʊˌaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/melanochroi_0.wav
auxochrome_0	auxochrome	ɔːksəˌkrəʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auxochrome_0.wav
somnambulist_0	somnambulist	sɒmnæmbjəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/somnambulist_0.wav
livonia_0	livonia	lɪvəʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/livonia_0.wav
homoerotic_0	homoerotic	hɒmoʊɪrɒtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homoerotic_0.wav
overplay_0	overplay	oʊvəʳpleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overplay_0.wav
gardener_0	gardener	gɑːʳdənəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gardener_0.wav
locarno_0	locarno	lokarno	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/locarno_0.wav
app_0	app	æp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/app_0.wav
gallia_0	gallia	ɡælɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gallia_0.wav
rationalism_0	rationalism	ræʃənəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rationalism_0.wav
footprint_0	footprint	fʊtprɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footprint_0.wav
blackhead_0	blackhead	blækhed	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackhead_0.wav
european_0	european	jʊərəpiːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/european_0.wav
reexamine_0	reexamine	riɪgzæmɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reexamine_0.wav
officially_0	officially	əfɪʃəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/officially_0.wav
fecundity_0	fecundity	fɪkʌndɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fecundity_0.wav
splay_0	splay	spleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splay_0.wav
uncharacteristic_0	uncharacteristic	ʌnkærɪktərɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncharacteristic_0.wav
endysis_0	endysis	ɛndaɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endysis_0.wav
ethanoyl_0	ethanoyl	ɛθəˌnɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethanoyl_0.wav
jingoism_0	jingoism	dʒɪŋgoʊɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ji/jingoism_0.wav
isopleth_0	isopleth	aɪsəʊˌplɛθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isopleth_0.wav
juridical_0	juridical	dʒʊrɪdɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/juridical_0.wav
husk_1	husk	hʌsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/husk_1.wav
genizah_0	genizah	ɡɛniːzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/genizah_0.wav
gail_0	gail	geɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gail_0.wav
boob_0	boob	buːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boob_0.wav
bittern_0	bittern	bɪtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bittern_0.wav
photopia_0	photopia	fəʊtəʊpɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photopia_0.wav
minion_0	minion	mɪnjən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minion_0.wav
multipath_0	multipath	mʌltɪˌpɑːθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multipath_0.wav
rebadge_0	rebadge	riːbædʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rebadge_0.wav
defraud_1	defraud	dɪfrɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/defraud_1.wav
bimbo_0	bimbo	bɪmboʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bimbo_0.wav
shoo_0	shoo	ʃuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoo_0.wav
fate_1	fate	feɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fate_1.wav
undone_0	undone	ʌndʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undone_0.wav
lactation_0	lactation	lækteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lactation_0.wav
warmonger_0	warmonger	wɔːʳmʌŋgəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/warmonger_0.wav
waxweed_0	waxweed	wæksˌwiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waxweed_0.wav
bakeapple_0	bakeapple	beɪkˌæpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bakeapple_0.wav
ultimate_0	ultimate	ʌltɪmət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultimate_0.wav
exploded_0	exploded	ɪkspləʊdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exploded_0.wav
vagotonia_0	vagotonia	ˌveɪɡətəʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vagotonia_0.wav
underactive_0	underactive	ˌʌndəræktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underactive_0.wav
corkage_0	corkage	kɔːkɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corkage_0.wav
mayest_0	mayest	meɪɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mayest_0.wav
axum_0	axum	ɑːksʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ax/axum_0.wav
sternutator_0	sternutator	stɜːnjʊˌteɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/sternutator_0.wav
plough_0	plough	plaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plough_0.wav
pershing_0	pershing	pɜːʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pershing_0.wav
harappa_0	harappa	həræpə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harappa_0.wav
button-down_0	button-down	bʌtənˌdaʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/button-down_0.wav
parti-colored_0	parti-colored	pɑrtɪˌkʌlərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parti-colored_0.wav
frondescence_0	frondescence	frɒndɛsəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frondescence_0.wav
persnickety_0	persnickety	pəʳsnɪkɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/persnickety_0.wav
hendecagon_0	hendecagon	hɛndɛkəɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hendecagon_0.wav
nugget_0	nugget	nʌgɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nugget_0.wav
perseids_0	perseids	pɜrsiɪdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perseids_0.wav
scission_0	scission	sɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scission_0.wav
endoneurium_0	endoneurium	ˌɛndəʊnjʊərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endoneurium_0.wav
leonine_0	leonine	liːənaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leonine_0.wav
patmore_0	patmore	pætmɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patmore_0.wav
crenelated_0	crenelated	krɛnəleɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crenelated_0.wav
calceolate_0	calceolate	kælsiəˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calceolate_0.wav
monopsony_0	monopsony	mənɒpsənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monopsony_0.wav
theoretics_0	theoretics	ˌθɪərɛtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theoretics_0.wav
cinerarium_0	cinerarium	ˌsɪnərɛərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinerarium_0.wav
pear_0	pear	peəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pear_0.wav
lily-livered_0	lily-livered	lɪliˌlɪvərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lily-livered_0.wav
cambogia_0	cambogia	kæmbəʊdʒɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cambogia_0.wav
triennial_1	triennial	traɪɛnɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triennial_1.wav
scatterbrained_0	scatterbrained	skætəʳbreɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scatterbrained_0.wav
bowknot_0	bowknot	bəʊˌnɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bowknot_0.wav
procedure_1	procedure	prəsiːdʒəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/procedure_1.wav
martineau_0	martineau	mɑːtɪˌnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/martineau_0.wav
embrasure_0	embrasure	ɪmbreɪʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embrasure_0.wav
traditional_1	traditional	trədɪʃənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/traditional_1.wav
biro_0	biro	baɪroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biro_0.wav
babassu_0	babassu	ˌbɑːbəsuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/babassu_0.wav
cystogenous_0	cystogenous	sɪstɒdʒɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cystogenous_0.wav
horsefly_0	horsefly	hɔːsˌflaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horsefly_0.wav
wrack_0	wrack	ræk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrack_0.wav
pastiche_0	pastiche	pæstiːʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pastiche_0.wav
virelay_0	virelay	vɪrɪˌleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/virelay_0.wav
pouch_1	pouch	paʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pouch_1.wav
clop_1	clop	klɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clop_1.wav
dramatist_0	dramatist	dræmətɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dramatist_0.wav
transformer_1	transformer	trænsfɔːʳməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transformer_1.wav
thermomagnetic_0	thermomagnetic	ˌθɜːməʊmæɡnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermomagnetic_0.wav
haute_0	haute	oʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haute_0.wav
unfurl_1	unfurl	ʌnfɜːʳl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfurl_1.wav
sprog_0	sprog	sprɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sprog_0.wav
wuchang_0	wuchang	wuːtʃæŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wu/wuchang_0.wav
ourselves_1	ourselves	aʊəʳselvz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/ourselves_1.wav
chipmunk_0	chipmunk	tʃɪpmʌŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chipmunk_0.wav
dakin_0	dakin	deɪkɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dakin_0.wav
kingsley_0	kingsley	kɪŋzlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kingsley_0.wav
stomatic_0	stomatic	stəʊmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stomatic_0.wav
jacky_0	jacky	dʒækɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jacky_0.wav
negus_0	negus	niːɡəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/negus_0.wav
enrage_0	enrage	ɪnreɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enrage_0.wav
brindle_0	brindle	brɪndəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brindle_0.wav
undistributed_0	undistributed	ˌʌndɪstrɪbjʊtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undistributed_0.wav
methodius_0	methodius	mɛθəʊdɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/methodius_0.wav
rushed_0	rushed	rʌʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rushed_0.wav
pharmacotherapy_0	pharmacotherapy	ˌfɑːməkəθɛrəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/pharmacotherapy_0.wav
million_0	million	mɪliən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/million_0.wav
abutment_0	abutment	əbʌtmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abutment_0.wav
clitoridectomy_0	clitoridectomy	ˌklɪtərɪdɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clitoridectomy_0.wav
naevus_0	naevus	niːvəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/naevus_0.wav
brimmer_0	brimmer	brɪmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brimmer_0.wav
thesis_0	thesis	θiːsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thesis_0.wav
asymmetric_0	asymmetric	eɪsɪmetrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asymmetric_0.wav
compulsory_0	compulsory	kəmpʌlsəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/compulsory_0.wav
backstroke_0	backstroke	bækstroʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backstroke_0.wav
bochum_0	bochum	boːxum	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bochum_0.wav
rooky_0	rooky	rʊkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rooky_0.wav
covered_0	covered	kʌvəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/covered_0.wav
ultramicroscopic_0	ultramicroscopic	ˌʌltrəˌmaɪkrəskɒpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultramicroscopic_0.wav
forspent_0	forspent	fɔːspɛnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forspent_0.wav
chuffy_0	chuffy	tʃʌfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chuffy_0.wav
extremum_0	extremum	ɪkstriːməm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extremum_0.wav
drookit_0	drookit	drʊkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drookit_0.wav
gowan_0	gowan	ɡaʊən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gowan_0.wav
babel_0	babel	beɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/babel_0.wav
pilose_0	pilose	paɪləʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pilose_0.wav
debenture_1	debenture	dɪbentʃəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/debenture_1.wav
mcewen_0	mcewen	məkjuːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mc/mcewen_0.wav
playboy_0	playboy	pleɪbɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/playboy_0.wav
tarpaulin_0	tarpaulin	tɑːʳpɔːlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tarpaulin_0.wav
euromarket_0	euromarket	jʊərəʊˌmɑːkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/euromarket_0.wav
torchere_0	torchere	tɔːʃɛə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/torchere_0.wav
silverside_0	silverside	sɪlvəˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/silverside_0.wav
daren’t_0	daren’t	deənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daren’t_0.wav
tepoy_0	tepoy	tiˌpɔɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tepoy_0.wav
cordoba_0	cordoba	kɔːdəbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cordoba_0.wav
blarney_0	blarney	blɑːʳni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blarney_0.wav
thermette_0	thermette	θɜːmɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thermette_0.wav
forthright_0	forthright	fɔːʳθraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/forthright_0.wav
customer_0	customer	kʌstəməʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/customer_0.wav
irreverent_0	irreverent	ɪrevərənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/irreverent_0.wav
circumvolve_0	circumvolve	ˌsɜːkəmvɒlv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/circumvolve_0.wav
misplay_0	misplay	ˌmɪspleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misplay_0.wav
unnilquadium_0	unnilquadium	ˌjuːnɪlkwɒdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unnilquadium_0.wav
fresno_0	fresno	frɛznəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fresno_0.wav
gary_0	gary	ɡærɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gary_0.wav
faultfinder_0	faultfinder	fɔltˌfaɪndər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/faultfinder_0.wav
tallahassee_0	tallahassee	ˌtæləhæsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tallahassee_0.wav
bandstand_0	bandstand	bændstænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bandstand_0.wav
unflattering_1	unflattering	ʌnflætərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unflattering_1.wav
stonecutter_0	stonecutter	stəʊnˌkʌtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stonecutter_0.wav
rialto_0	rialto	rɪæltəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/rialto_0.wav
worldwide_0	worldwide	wɜːʳldwaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worldwide_0.wav
vulva_0	vulva	vʌlvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vu/vulva_0.wav
peritricha_0	peritricha	pərɪtrɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peritricha_0.wav
cartier_0	cartier	kartje	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cartier_0.wav
piaget_0	piaget	pjaʒɛ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/piaget_0.wav
pyrometer_0	pyrometer	paɪrɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pyrometer_0.wav
spook_1	spook	spuːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spook_1.wav
pollinate_0	pollinate	pɒlɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pollinate_0.wav
classifieds_0	classifieds	klæsɪfaɪdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/classifieds_0.wav
saxhorn_0	saxhorn	sæksˌhɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saxhorn_0.wav
digenetic_0	digenetic	ˌdaɪdʒɪnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digenetic_0.wav
losing_0	losing	luːzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/losing_0.wav
ofgem_0	ofgem	ɒfˌdʒɛm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/ofgem_0.wav
deprecatory_0	deprecatory	dɛprɪkətrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deprecatory_0.wav
friesian_0	friesian	friːʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/friesian_0.wav
vouch_0	vouch	vaʊtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/vouch_0.wav
iceboat_0	iceboat	aɪsˌbəʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ic/iceboat_0.wav
noun_1	noun	naʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/noun_1.wav
limnetic_0	limnetic	lɪmnɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/limnetic_0.wav
reconnaissance_1	reconnaissance	rɪkɒnɪsəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reconnaissance_1.wav
gallinaceous_0	gallinaceous	ˌɡælɪneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gallinaceous_0.wav
cutler_0	cutler	kʌtlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cutler_0.wav
gurmukhi_0	gurmukhi	ɡʊəmʊkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gurmukhi_0.wav
cross-channel_0	cross-channel	ˌkrɒstʃænəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cross-channel_0.wav
danaë_0	danaë	dæneɪˌiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/danaë_0.wav
alliterate_0	alliterate	əlɪtəˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alliterate_0.wav
panoramic_0	panoramic	pænəræmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panoramic_0.wav
pampoen_0	pampoen	ˌpampʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pampoen_0.wav
untrustworthy_0	untrustworthy	ʌntrʌstwɜːʳði	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/untrustworthy_0.wav
parturifacient_0	parturifacient	pɑːˌtjʊərɪfeɪʃənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parturifacient_0.wav
auteurism_0	auteurism	oʊtɜrˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/auteurism_0.wav
alarming_0	alarming	əlɑːʳmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alarming_0.wav
asthenic_0	asthenic	æsθɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asthenic_0.wav
mailgram_0	mailgram	meɪlɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mailgram_0.wav
strontium_0	strontium	strɒntɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strontium_0.wav
albuminate_0	albuminate	ælbjuːmɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/albuminate_0.wav
lupus_0	lupus	luːpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lupus_0.wav
whisht_0	whisht	hwiʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whisht_0.wav
white_1	white	hwaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/white_1.wav
dulia_0	dulia	djuːlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dulia_0.wav
enchanter_0	enchanter	ɪntʃɑːntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enchanter_0.wav
derivative_1	derivative	dɪrɪvətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/derivative_1.wav
syncytium_0	syncytium	sɪnsɪtɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syncytium_0.wav
glasswork_0	glasswork	ɡlɑːsˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glasswork_0.wav
uncensored_0	uncensored	ʌnsɛnsəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncensored_0.wav
somoni_0	somoni	sɒmɒnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/somoni_0.wav
underwater_0	underwater	ʌndəʳwɔːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underwater_0.wav
soil_1	soil	sɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soil_1.wav
goatsucker_0	goatsucker	ɡəʊtˌsʌkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/goatsucker_0.wav
serotype_0	serotype	sɪərəʊˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serotype_0.wav
karelian_0	karelian	kəriːlɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/karelian_0.wav
despite_1	despite	dɪspaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/despite_1.wav
liquidity_0	liquidity	lɪkwɪdɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liquidity_0.wav
guilin_0	guilin	ɡweɪlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guilin_0.wav
isocracy_0	isocracy	aɪsɒkrəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isocracy_0.wav
potty_0	potty	pɒti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potty_0.wav
ostensory_0	ostensory	ɒstɛnsərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ostensory_0.wav
adversity_1	adversity	ædvɜːʳsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adversity_1.wav
curch_0	curch	kɜːtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curch_0.wav
breathalyze_0	breathalyze	breθəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breathalyze_0.wav
suspire_0	suspire	səspaɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suspire_0.wav
whisk_0	whisk	hwɪsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whisk_0.wav
fedora_0	fedora	fɪdɔːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fedora_0.wav
baa_1	baa	bɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baa_1.wav
inertia_1	inertia	ɪnɜːʳʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inertia_1.wav
clownish_0	clownish	klaʊnɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clownish_0.wav
toroid_0	toroid	tɔːrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toroid_0.wav
ragweed_0	ragweed	rægwid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ragweed_0.wav
communion_1	communion	kəmjuːnjən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/communion_1.wav
credibility_0	credibility	kredɪbɪlɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/credibility_0.wav
improper_0	improper	ɪmprɒpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/improper_0.wav
disparate_0	disparate	dɪspərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disparate_0.wav
marshy_0	marshy	mɑːʳʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marshy_0.wav
conversant_1	conversant	kənvɜːʳsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conversant_1.wav
fibromyalgia_0	fibromyalgia	ˌfaɪbrəʊmaɪældʒɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fibromyalgia_0.wav
slops_0	slops	slɒps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slops_0.wav
o_13	o	ɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/o/o_13.wav
cutup_0	cutup	kʌtˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cutup_0.wav
bobbysoxer_0	bobbysoxer	bɒbɪˌsɒksə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bobbysoxer_0.wav
fontanelle_0	fontanelle	ˌfɒntənɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fontanelle_0.wav
deterge_0	deterge	dɪtɜːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deterge_0.wav
veronese_0	veronese	veroneːse	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/veronese_0.wav
added_0	added	ædɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/added_0.wav
tshombe_0	tshombe	tʃɒmbɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ts/tshombe_0.wav
delay_0	delay	dɪleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/delay_0.wav
rounded_0	rounded	raʊndɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rounded_0.wav
postoperative_0	postoperative	poʊstɒpərətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/postoperative_0.wav
disraeli_0	disraeli	dɪzreɪlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disraeli_0.wav
quoth_1	quoth	kwoʊθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quoth_1.wav
impediment_1	impediment	ɪmpedɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impediment_1.wav
endocuticle_0	endocuticle	ɛndəʊˌkjuːtɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endocuticle_0.wav
ardour_0	ardour	ɑːʳdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/ardour_0.wav
levulin_0	levulin	lɛvjʊlɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/levulin_0.wav
glower_0	glower	glaʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glower_0.wav
hypolimnion_0	hypolimnion	ˌhaɪpəʊlɪmnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypolimnion_0.wav
ease_0	ease	iːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/ease_0.wav
yeasty_0	yeasty	jiːsti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ye/yeasty_0.wav
curmudgeonly_0	curmudgeonly	kəʳmʌdʒənli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curmudgeonly_0.wav
informed_0	informed	ɪnfɔːʳmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/informed_0.wav
fluorography_0	fluorography	flʊərɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluorography_0.wav
torquay_0	torquay	ˌtɔːkiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/torquay_0.wav
stradivari_0	stradivari	ˌstrædɪvɑːrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stradivari_0.wav
vapory_0	vapory	veɪpəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vapory_0.wav
anobiid_0	anobiid	ənəʊbɪɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anobiid_0.wav
rheumatoid_0	rheumatoid	ruːməˌtɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rheumatoid_0.wav
xanthochroid_0	xanthochroid	zænθəʊˌkrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xa/xanthochroid_0.wav
galvanic_1	galvanic	ɡælvænɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galvanic_1.wav
balbriggan_0	balbriggan	bælbrɪɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/balbriggan_0.wav
portray_1	portray	pɔːʳtreɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/portray_1.wav
geronimo_1	geronimo	dʒərɒnɪˌməʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geronimo_1.wav
catalog_0	catalog	kætəlɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/catalog_0.wav
massed_1	massed	mæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/massed_1.wav
greathearted_0	greathearted	greɪtˌhɑrtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greathearted_0.wav
crosscurrent_0	crosscurrent	krɒsˌkʌrənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crosscurrent_0.wav
subplot_0	subplot	sʌbplɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subplot_0.wav
gangplank_0	gangplank	gæŋplæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangplank_0.wav
seriocomic_0	seriocomic	ˌsɪərɪəʊkɒmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seriocomic_0.wav
jodo_0	jodo	dʒəʊˌdəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jodo_0.wav
digoxin_0	digoxin	daɪdʒɒksɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/digoxin_0.wav
oedometer_0	oedometer	iːdɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oe/oedometer_0.wav
uneven_0	uneven	ʌniːvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uneven_0.wav
acker_0	acker	ækə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acker_0.wav
overrate_0	overrate	oʊvəʳreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overrate_0.wav
roost_0	roost	ruːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/roost_0.wav
mineworker_0	mineworker	maɪnˌswiːpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mineworker_0.wav
marcan_0	marcan	mɑrkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marcan_0.wav
ungovernable_1	ungovernable	ʌngʌvəʳnəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/ungovernable_1.wav
tcdd_0	tcdd	ˌtiˌsiˌdidi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tc/tcdd_0.wav
jalopy_0	jalopy	dʒəlɒpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jalopy_0.wav
dodo_0	dodo	doʊdoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dodo_0.wav
dentex_0	dentex	dɛntɛks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dentex_0.wav
broadax_0	broadax	brɔdˌæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/broadax_0.wav
etonogestrel_0	etonogestrel	ɪˌtɒnəʊdʒɛstrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etonogestrel_0.wav
kodok_0	kodok	kəʊdɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ko/kodok_0.wav
alethic_0	alethic	əliːθɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alethic_0.wav
theodolite_1	theodolite	θɪɒdəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theodolite_1.wav
attorney_1	attorney	ətɜːʳni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attorney_1.wav
bagie_0	bagie	beɪɡɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bagie_0.wav
gangland_0	gangland	gæŋlænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gangland_0.wav
semipalmate_0	semipalmate	ˌsɛmɪpæmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semipalmate_0.wav
annoyance_1	annoyance	ənɔɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/annoyance_1.wav
ora_0	ora	ɔːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ora_0.wav
monomolecular_0	monomolecular	ˌmɒnəʊməlɛkjʊlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monomolecular_0.wav
ladyfinger_0	ladyfinger	leɪdɪˌfɪŋɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/ladyfinger_0.wav
baldfaced_0	baldfaced	bɔːldˌfeɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baldfaced_0.wav
astonishment_1	astonishment	əstɒnɪʃmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astonishment_1.wav
nunavut_0	nunavut	nuːnəˌvuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nunavut_0.wav
hazardous_0	hazardous	hæzəʳdəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hazardous_0.wav
lambda_0	lambda	læmdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lambda_0.wav
pugnacious_1	pugnacious	pʌgneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pugnacious_1.wav
walkout_0	walkout	wɔːkaʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/walkout_0.wav
testudinal_0	testudinal	tɛstjuːdɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/testudinal_0.wav
organogram_0	organogram	ɔːɡænəʊˌɡræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organogram_0.wav
diploid_0	diploid	dɪplɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diploid_0.wav
brandied_0	brandied	brænˌdid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brandied_0.wav
leucoplast_0	leucoplast	luːkəˌplæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leucoplast_0.wav
philosophize_0	philosophize	fɪlɒsəfaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/philosophize_0.wav
corgi_0	corgi	kɔːʳgi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corgi_0.wav
enhance_0	enhance	ɪnhɑːns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enhance_0.wav
ultimatum_0	ultimatum	ʌltɪmeɪtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultimatum_0.wav
netspeak_0	netspeak	nɛtˌspiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/netspeak_0.wav
perilymph_0	perilymph	pɛrɪˌlɪmf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perilymph_0.wav
laserdisc_0	laserdisc	leɪzəˌdɪsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laserdisc_0.wav
mischief_0	mischief	mɪstʃɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mischief_0.wav
soph_0	soph	sɑf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soph_0.wav
homograft_0	homograft	hɒməˌɡrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homograft_0.wav
sociolinguistics_0	sociolinguistics	ˌsəʊsɪəʊlɪŋɡwɪstɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sociolinguistics_0.wav
tie_0	tie	taɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tie_0.wav
ananke_0	ananke	ənæŋkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/ananke_0.wav
amnesiac_0	amnesiac	æmniːziæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amnesiac_0.wav
latrobe_0	latrobe	lətroʊb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/latrobe_0.wav
heath_0	heath	hiːθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heath_0.wav
zwingli_0	zwingli	tsvɪŋli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zw/zwingli_0.wav
mikasuki_0	mikasuki	ˌmɪkəsuki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mikasuki_0.wav
cream-colored_0	cream-colored	krimˌkʌlərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cream-colored_0.wav
incredulous_1	incredulous	ɪnkredjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incredulous_1.wav
tent_1	tent	tent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tent_1.wav
expect_0	expect	ɪkspekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/expect_0.wav
bonce_0	bonce	bɒns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonce_0.wav
ealing_0	ealing	iːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/ealing_0.wav
diploma_1	diploma	dɪploʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diploma_1.wav
especially_1	especially	ɪspeʃəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/especially_1.wav
arsenical_0	arsenical	ɑːsɛnɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arsenical_0.wav
carcinogen_0	carcinogen	kɑːsɪnədʒən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carcinogen_0.wav
lederhosen_0	lederhosen	leɪdəˌhəʊzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lederhosen_0.wav
tubal_0	tubal	tjuːbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubal_0.wav
squeezy_0	squeezy	skwiːzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sq/squeezy_0.wav
boline_0	boline	bəʊliːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boline_0.wav
huntsville_0	huntsville	hʌntsvɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/huntsville_0.wav
evonymus_0	evonymus	ɛvɒnɪməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evonymus_0.wav
preventer_0	preventer	prɪvɛntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preventer_0.wav
furcate_0	furcate	fɜːkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furcate_0.wav
millisecond_0	millisecond	mɪlisekənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/millisecond_0.wav
hereditary_1	hereditary	hɪredɪtri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hereditary_1.wav
platonize_0	platonize	pleɪtənˌaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/platonize_0.wav
perfin_0	perfin	pɜːfɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/perfin_0.wav
unprincipled_1	unprincipled	ʌnprɪnsɪpəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unprincipled_1.wav
salmonella_0	salmonella	sælmənelə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salmonella_0.wav
specialized_0	specialized	speʃəlaɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/specialized_0.wav
adventurer_0	adventurer	ædventʃərəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adventurer_0.wav
cluj-napoca_0	cluj-napoca	kluʒnəpoʊkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cluj-napoca_0.wav
filterable_0	filterable	fɪltərəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/filterable_0.wav
proactive_0	proactive	proʊæktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/proactive_0.wav
anodize_0	anodize	ænəˌdaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anodize_0.wav
tollywood_0	tollywood	tɒlɪˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tollywood_0.wav
procopius_0	procopius	prəʊkəʊpɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/procopius_0.wav
scintillometer_0	scintillometer	ˌsɪntɪlɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scintillometer_0.wav
hurt_0	hurt	hɜːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hurt_0.wav
prescribe_0	prescribe	prɪskraɪb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prescribe_0.wav
anticyclone_0	anticyclone	æntisaɪkloʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anticyclone_0.wav
hashemite_0	hashemite	hæʃəmˌaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hashemite_0.wav
ohm_1	ohm	oʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oh/ohm_1.wav
chevre_0	chevre	ʃɛvrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chevre_0.wav
wace_0	wace	weɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/wace_0.wav
papistry_0	papistry	peɪpɪstri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/papistry_0.wav
cumae_0	cumae	kjuːmiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cumae_0.wav
wyatt_0	wyatt	waɪət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wy/wyatt_0.wav
grin_1	grin	grɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grin_1.wav
strip_1	strip	strɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strip_1.wav
shining_0	shining	ʃaɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shining_0.wav
maxwell_0	maxwell	mækswəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maxwell_0.wav
antiscientific_0	antiscientific	ˌæntɪˌsaɪəntɪfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antiscientific_0.wav
latina_1	latina	lætinə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/latina_1.wav
unobtainable_0	unobtainable	ʌnəbteɪnəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unobtainable_0.wav
swaledale_0	swaledale	sweɪlˌdeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swaledale_0.wav
glacial_0	glacial	gleɪʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glacial_0.wav
lasalle_0	lasalle	ləsæl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lasalle_0.wav
unsure_0	unsure	ʌnʃʊəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsure_0.wav
kefallonia_0	kefallonia	ˌkɛfələʊnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kefallonia_0.wav
contentment_0	contentment	kəntentmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/contentment_0.wav
nicolas_0	nicolas	nɪkələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nicolas_0.wav
unseasonable_0	unseasonable	ʌnsiːzənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unseasonable_0.wav
buss_1	buss	bʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/buss_1.wav
nucleolus_0	nucleolus	ˌnjuːklɪəʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nucleolus_0.wav
kick-start_0	kick-start	kɪkˌstɑːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kick-start_0.wav
chuddar_0	chuddar	tʃʌdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chuddar_0.wav
epigeous_0	epigeous	ˌɛpɪdʒiːəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epigeous_0.wav
conchoidal_0	conchoidal	kɒŋkɔɪdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conchoidal_0.wav
subaxillary_0	subaxillary	ˌsʌbæksɪlərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subaxillary_0.wav
initiation_1	initiation	ɪnɪʃieɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/initiation_1.wav
tellus_0	tellus	tɛləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tellus_0.wav
cholecystectomy_0	cholecystectomy	ˌkɒlɪsɪstɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cholecystectomy_0.wav
purse_0	purse	pɜːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purse_0.wav
zabaglione_0	zabaglione	ˌzæbəljəʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/za/zabaglione_0.wav
dignify_0	dignify	dɪgnɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dignify_0.wav
bielefeld_0	bielefeld	biːləfɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bielefeld_0.wav
droopy_0	droopy	druːpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/droopy_0.wav
daraf_0	daraf	dærəf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daraf_0.wav
tyndall_0	tyndall	tɪndəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tyndall_0.wav
tremble_0	tremble	trembəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tremble_0.wav
curtana_0	curtana	kɜːtɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curtana_0.wav
padova_0	padova	paːdova	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/padova_0.wav
fluorinate_0	fluorinate	flʊərɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluorinate_0.wav
sharp_1	sharp	ʃɑːʳp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sharp_1.wav
ciabatta_1	ciabatta	tʃəbætə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/ciabatta_1.wav
nudge_0	nudge	nʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nudge_0.wav
xenogenesis_0	xenogenesis	ˌzɛnədʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/xe/xenogenesis_0.wav
apriority_0	apriority	ˌeɪpraɪɔrəti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apriority_0.wav
peloria_0	peloria	pɛlɔːrɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peloria_0.wav
chicanery_1	chicanery	ʃɪkeɪnəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chicanery_1.wav
burgage_0	burgage	bɜːɡɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/burgage_0.wav
logistic_1	logistic	lədʒɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/logistic_1.wav
timing_0	timing	taɪmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timing_0.wav
uttarakhand_0	uttarakhand	ˌʊtərækɑːnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ut/uttarakhand_0.wav
redintegrate_0	redintegrate	rɛdɪntɪˌɡreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redintegrate_0.wav
skyrocket_0	skyrocket	skaɪrɒkɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skyrocket_0.wav
mariology_0	mariology	ˌmɛərɪɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mariology_0.wav
joycean_0	joycean	dʒɔɪsɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/joycean_0.wav
sarawak_1	sarawak	sərɑːwək	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sarawak_1.wav
convergent_0	convergent	kənvɜːdʒənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/convergent_0.wav
enterobacterium_0	enterobacterium	ˌɛntərəʊbæktɪərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enterobacterium_0.wav
hydride_0	hydride	haɪdraɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydride_0.wav
meleager_0	meleager	ˌmɛlɪeɪɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meleager_0.wav
letted_0	letted	lɛtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/letted_0.wav
colourize_0	colourize	kʌləˌraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/colourize_0.wav
rhinorrhea_0	rhinorrhea	ˌraɪnəriə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhinorrhea_0.wav
waste_1	waste	weɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waste_1.wav
fusible_0	fusible	fjuːzəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fusible_0.wav
abdul-medjid_0	abdul-medjid	ˌɑbdolmɛdʒid	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abdul-medjid_0.wav
sketchpad_0	sketchpad	sketʃpæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/sketchpad_0.wav
shroud_0	shroud	ʃraʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shroud_0.wav
dak_0	dak	dɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dak_0.wav
cathedral_0	cathedral	kəθiːdrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cathedral_0.wav
tankini_1	tankini	ˌtæŋkiːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tankini_1.wav
voile_0	voile	vɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voile_0.wav
dockmackie_0	dockmackie	dɑkˌmæki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dockmackie_0.wav
voluntourism_0	voluntourism	ˌvɒləntʊərɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voluntourism_0.wav
canonic_0	canonic	kənɑnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canonic_0.wav
living_0	living	lɪvɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/living_0.wav
grape_0	grape	greɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grape_0.wav
facetiae_0	facetiae	fəsiːʃɪˌiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/facetiae_0.wav
erenow_0	erenow	ˌɛənaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erenow_0.wav
dairyman_0	dairyman	dɛərɪmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dairyman_0.wav
mounted_0	mounted	maʊntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mounted_0.wav
infatuate_0	infatuate	ɪnfætjʊˌeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infatuate_0.wav
hustle_0	hustle	hʌsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hustle_0.wav
thaw_0	thaw	θɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thaw_0.wav
inanga_0	inanga	iːnʌŋə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inanga_0.wav
monstrosity_1	monstrosity	mɒnstrɒsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monstrosity_1.wav
mefloquine_0	mefloquine	mɛfləʊˌkwiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mefloquine_0.wav
clot_0	clot	klɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clot_0.wav
durmast_0	durmast	dɜːˌmɑːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/durmast_0.wav
matronage_0	matronage	meɪtrənɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matronage_0.wav
responsum_0	responsum	rɪspɒnsəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/responsum_0.wav
condom_0	condom	kɒndɒm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/condom_0.wav
yardbird_0	yardbird	jɑːdˌbɜːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yardbird_0.wav
hokonui_0	hokonui	həʊkənuːiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hokonui_0.wav
generative_0	generative	dʒenərətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/generative_0.wav
semiparasite_0	semiparasite	ˌsɛmɪpærəˌsaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/semiparasite_0.wav
drown_0	drown	draʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/drown_0.wav
nascar_0	nascar	næskɑr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nascar_0.wav
homeopathy_0	homeopathy	hoʊmiɒpəθi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homeopathy_0.wav
cummerbund_0	cummerbund	kʌməʳbʌnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cummerbund_0.wav
croton_0	croton	krəʊtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/croton_0.wav
incondensable_0	incondensable	ˌɪnkəndɛnsəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incondensable_0.wav
segmentation_0	segmentation	segmenteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/segmentation_0.wav
panbroil_0	panbroil	pænˌbrɔɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/panbroil_0.wav
militarized_0	militarized	mɪlɪtəraɪzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/militarized_0.wav
artsy-fartsy_0	artsy-fartsy	ɑrtsifɑrtsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/artsy-fartsy_0.wav
shambolic_0	shambolic	ʃæmbɒlɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shambolic_0.wav
decreet_0	decreet	dɪkriːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decreet_0.wav
plottage_0	plottage	plɒtɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plottage_0.wav
whidah_0	whidah	wɪdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whidah_0.wav
carlton_0	carlton	kɑːltən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carlton_0.wav
thibet_0	thibet	tɪbɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thibet_0.wav
trapan_0	trapan	trəpæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trapan_0.wav
falling-off_0	falling-off	ˌfɔːlɪŋɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/falling-off_0.wav
jam_1	jam	dʒæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jam_1.wav
belshazzar_0	belshazzar	bɛlʃæzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belshazzar_0.wav
procurer_0	procurer	prəkjʊərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/procurer_0.wav
vd_0	vd	viː diː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vd/vd_0.wav
mandalay_0	mandalay	ˌmændəleɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mandalay_0.wav
theophagy_0	theophagy	θɪɒfədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theophagy_0.wav
guide_0	guide	gaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guide_0.wav
curfew_0	curfew	kɜːʳfjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curfew_0.wav
taxiway_0	taxiway	tæksɪˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taxiway_0.wav
resolve_1	resolve	rɪzɒlv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resolve_1.wav
horsecar_0	horsecar	hɔːskɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horsecar_0.wav
infer_0	infer	ɪnfɜːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infer_0.wav
levy_0	levy	levi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/levy_0.wav
aloin_0	aloin	æləʊɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/aloin_0.wav
hagiology_0	hagiology	ˌhæɡɪɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hagiology_0.wav
sangrail_0	sangrail	sæŋɡreɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sangrail_0.wav
either-or_0	either-or	iðərɔr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ei/either-or_0.wav
fourpence_0	fourpence	fɔːpəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fourpence_0.wav
loose-fitting_0	loose-fitting	ˌluːsfɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/loose-fitting_0.wav
this_1	this	ðɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/this_1.wav
ruffler_0	ruffler	rʌflə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/ruffler_0.wav
budgerigar_0	budgerigar	bʌdʒərigɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/budgerigar_0.wav
coué_0	coué	kue	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coué_0.wav
speechless_0	speechless	spiːtʃləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/speechless_0.wav
smutty_0	smutty	smʌti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smutty_0.wav
holster_0	holster	hoʊlstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/holster_0.wav
indefinite_0	indefinite	ɪndefɪnɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indefinite_0.wav
sweatbox_0	sweatbox	swɛtˌbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/sweatbox_0.wav
skittery_0	skittery	skɪtərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skittery_0.wav
svengali_0	svengali	svɛnɡɑːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sv/svengali_0.wav
daguerreotype_0	daguerreotype	dəɡɛrəʊˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daguerreotype_0.wav
dubbed_0	dubbed	dʌbd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dubbed_0.wav
ixtaccihuatl_0	ixtaccihuatl	ˌiːstəksiːwətəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ix/ixtaccihuatl_0.wav
sandage_0	sandage	sændɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sandage_0.wav
spansule_0	spansule	spænsjuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spansule_0.wav
amber_0	amber	æmbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amber_0.wav
suva_0	suva	suːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suva_0.wav
till_0	till	tɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/till_0.wav
iolite_0	iolite	aɪəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/iolite_0.wav
note_1	note	noʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/note_1.wav
phytotherapy_0	phytotherapy	ˌfaɪtəʊθɛrəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phytotherapy_0.wav
misapprehend_0	misapprehend	ˌmɪsæprɪhɛnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/misapprehend_0.wav
blooming_0	blooming	bluːmɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blooming_0.wav
murrey_0	murrey	mʌrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/murrey_0.wav
reata_0	reata	rɪɑːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reata_0.wav
cilantro_1	cilantro	sɪlæntroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cilantro_1.wav
kilocalorie_0	kilocalorie	kɪləʊˌkælərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kilocalorie_0.wav
cahoots_0	cahoots	kəhuːts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cahoots_0.wav
guff_1	guff	gʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/guff_1.wav
acquirer_0	acquirer	əkwaɪərəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acquirer_0.wav
shelving_0	shelving	ʃelvɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shelving_0.wav
hogget_0	hogget	hɒɡɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hogget_0.wav
mood_1	mood	muːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mood_1.wav
episcopal_0	episcopal	ɪpɪskəpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/episcopal_0.wav
adductor_0	adductor	ədʌktə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adductor_0.wav
circumcise_0	circumcise	sɜːʳkəmsaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/circumcise_0.wav
grind_0	grind	graɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grind_0.wav
ogdoad_0	ogdoad	ɒɡdəʊˌæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/og/ogdoad_0.wav
galenite_0	galenite	gəliˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galenite_0.wav
begot_1	begot	bɪgɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/begot_1.wav
arianism_0	arianism	ɛərɪəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arianism_0.wav
extravagant_0	extravagant	ɪkstrævəgənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extravagant_0.wav
underhung_0	underhung	ˌʌndəhʌŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underhung_0.wav
virginium_0	virginium	vədʒɪnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/virginium_0.wav
inferno_1	inferno	ɪnfɜːʳnoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inferno_1.wav
worldling_0	worldling	wɜːldlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/worldling_0.wav
secund_0	secund	sɪkʌnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/secund_0.wav
motto_0	motto	mɒtoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/motto_0.wav
onanism_0	onanism	əʊnəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/onanism_0.wav
wind-pollinated_0	wind-pollinated	wɪndpɑləˌneɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wind-pollinated_0.wav
retrorse_0	retrorse	rɪtrɔːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/retrorse_0.wav
inaugural_1	inaugural	ɪnɔːgjʊrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inaugural_1.wav
cornflakes_0	cornflakes	kɔːnˌfleɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornflakes_0.wav
demosthenes_0	demosthenes	dɪmɒsθəˌniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demosthenes_0.wav
praesepe_0	praesepe	praɪsiːpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/praesepe_0.wav
disapprove_0	disapprove	dɪsəpruːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disapprove_0.wav
chargaff_0	chargaff	ʃɑːɡæf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chargaff_0.wav
antical_0	antical	æntɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antical_0.wav
watusi_0	watusi	wətuːzɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/watusi_0.wav
nullification_0	nullification	ˌnʌləfɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nullification_0.wav
castlebar_0	castlebar	ˌkɑːsəlbɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/castlebar_0.wav
tailor-make_0	tailor-make	teɪləˌmeɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tailor-make_0.wav
lyolysis_0	lyolysis	laɪɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lyolysis_0.wav
epulis_0	epulis	ɛpuːlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epulis_0.wav
twist_0	twist	twɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tw/twist_0.wav
yucko_0	yucko	jʌkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yucko_0.wav
conceptual_1	conceptual	kənseptʃuəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conceptual_1.wav
uncaring_0	uncaring	ʌnkeərɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncaring_0.wav
barton_0	barton	bɑːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barton_0.wav
boaz_0	boaz	bəʊæz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boaz_0.wav
aspire_1	aspire	əspaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/aspire_1.wav
baskerville_0	baskerville	bæskəˌvɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baskerville_0.wav
pea_0	pea	piː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pea_0.wav
wing_1	wing	wɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wing_1.wav
berk_0	berk	bɜːʳk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berk_0.wav
redemptive_0	redemptive	rɪdemptɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/redemptive_0.wav
hum_1	hum	hʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hum_1.wav
pradesh_0	pradesh	prədeɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pradesh_0.wav
amnion_0	amnion	æmnɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amnion_0.wav
seclude_0	seclude	sɪkluːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seclude_0.wav
reductionism_0	reductionism	rɪdʌkʃəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reductionism_0.wav
underrun_0	underrun	ˌʌndərʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underrun_0.wav
toxaphene_0	toxaphene	tɒksəˌfiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toxaphene_0.wav
hah_1	hah	hɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hah_1.wav
bluestem_0	bluestem	bluːˌstɛm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bluestem_0.wav
dam_1	dam	dæm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dam_1.wav
hon._0	hon.	ɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hon._0.wav
shahtoosh_0	shahtoosh	ˌʃɑːtuːʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shahtoosh_0.wav
knotgrass_0	knotgrass	nɒtˌɡrɑːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knotgrass_0.wav
sneaking_0	sneaking	sniːkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/sneaking_0.wav
polythene_0	polythene	pɒlɪθiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polythene_0.wav
dodgery_0	dodgery	dɒdʒərɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dodgery_0.wav
brassboard_0	brassboard	bræsˌbɔrd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brassboard_0.wav
mettled_0	mettled	mɛtəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mettled_0.wav
dasheen_0	dasheen	dæʃiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dasheen_0.wav
rental_0	rental	rentəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rental_0.wav
rye_1	rye	raɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ry/rye_1.wav
fabulous_0	fabulous	fæbjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fabulous_0.wav
atlanta_0	atlanta	ætlæntə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atlanta_0.wav
picky_0	picky	pɪki	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/picky_0.wav
pale_0	pale	peɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pale_0.wav
cresset_0	cresset	krɛsɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cresset_0.wav
aruspex_0	aruspex	ərʌspɛks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/aruspex_0.wav
navelwort_0	navelwort	neɪvəlˌwɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/navelwort_0.wav
blowtorch_0	blowtorch	bloʊtɔːʳtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blowtorch_0.wav
biogenic_0	biogenic	ˌbaɪəʊdʒɛnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biogenic_0.wav
impale_0	impale	ɪmpeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impale_0.wav
yank_0	yank	jæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yank_0.wav
unflinching_1	unflinching	ʌnflɪntʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unflinching_1.wav
tattler_0	tattler	tætlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tattler_0.wav
chance_0	chance	tʃɑːns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chance_0.wav
evangelism_0	evangelism	ɪvændʒəlɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evangelism_0.wav
romeo_0	romeo	roʊmioʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/romeo_0.wav
patriarchal_0	patriarchal	peɪtriɑːʳkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/patriarchal_0.wav
harwell_0	harwell	hɑːˌwɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harwell_0.wav
hooded_0	hooded	hʊdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hooded_0.wav
adduce_0	adduce	ədjuːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adduce_0.wav
cor_0	cor	kɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cor_0.wav
ubiquitous_0	ubiquitous	juːbɪkwɪtəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ub/ubiquitous_0.wav
counterblow_0	counterblow	kaʊntəˌbləʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/counterblow_0.wav
arrestable_0	arrestable	ərestəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arrestable_0.wav
claimant_0	claimant	kleɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/claimant_0.wav
peculiarity_1	peculiarity	pɪkjuːliærɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peculiarity_1.wav
adobe_1	adobe	ədoʊbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adobe_1.wav
terrane_0	terrane	tɛreɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terrane_0.wav
younker_0	younker	jʌŋkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/younker_0.wav
suppuration_0	suppuration	ˌsʌpjʊreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppuration_0.wav
possibly_0	possibly	pɒsɪbli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/possibly_0.wav
footrace_0	footrace	fʊtˌreɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footrace_0.wav
arbour_0	arbour	ɑːʳbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arbour_0.wav
homage_0	homage	hɒmɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homage_0.wav
surveil_0	surveil	sɜːveɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/surveil_0.wav
idol_0	idol	aɪdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idol_0.wav
kepone_0	kepone	kiˌpoʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kepone_0.wav
carling_0	carling	kɑːlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/carling_0.wav
phlebectomy_0	phlebectomy	flɪbɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phlebectomy_0.wav
savoir-faire_0	savoir-faire	sævwɑːʳ feəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savoir-faire_0.wav
truster_0	truster	trʌstər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truster_0.wav
gardena_0	gardena	gɑrdinə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gardena_0.wav
furbish_0	furbish	fɜːbɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furbish_0.wav
belloc_0	belloc	bɛlɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belloc_0.wav
eat_0	eat	iːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/eat_0.wav
self-contained_0	self-contained	sɛlfkənteɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-contained_0.wav
pus_1	pus	pʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pus_1.wav
labyrinthine_0	labyrinthine	læbɪrɪnθaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/labyrinthine_0.wav
pliable_0	pliable	plaɪəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/pliable_0.wav
update_1	update	ʌpdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/update_1.wav
jerome_0	jerome	dʒərəʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jerome_0.wav
instalment_0	instalment	ɪnstɔːlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/instalment_0.wav
gong_0	gong	ɡɒŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gong_0.wav
12_0	12	twelv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/12/12_0.wav
interpolate_0	interpolate	ɪntɜːʳpəleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interpolate_0.wav
sinister_0	sinister	sɪnɪstəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sinister_0.wav
mattins_0	mattins	mætɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mattins_0.wav
accrue_0	accrue	əkruː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accrue_0.wav
trachytic_0	trachytic	trəkɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trachytic_0.wav
tyrone_0	tyrone	tɪrəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ty/tyrone_0.wav
cramp_0	cramp	kræmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cramp_0.wav
niggardly_0	niggardly	nɪgəʳdli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/niggardly_0.wav
marketeer_0	marketeer	mɑːʳkɪtɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/marketeer_0.wav
coup_0	coup	kuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coup_0.wav
trudge_0	trudge	trʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trudge_0.wav
mashup_0	mashup	mæʃˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mashup_0.wav
casson_0	casson	kæsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/casson_0.wav
baha_0	baha	bahɑːˌɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baha_0.wav
tryst_0	tryst	trɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tryst_0.wav
argyle_0	argyle	ɑrˌgaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/argyle_0.wav
abirritate_0	abirritate	æbɪrɪˌteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abirritate_0.wav
herdsman_0	herdsman	hɜːʳdzmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/herdsman_0.wav
impactive_0	impactive	ɪmpæktɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/impactive_0.wav
scots_0	scots	skɒts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scots_0.wav
berar_0	berar	bɛrɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berar_0.wav
dalek_0	dalek	dɑːlɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dalek_0.wav
unchanging_0	unchanging	ʌntʃeɪndʒɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unchanging_0.wav
easily_0	easily	iːzɪli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ea/easily_0.wav
peen_0	peen	piːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peen_0.wav
psycholinguistics_0	psycholinguistics	ˌsaɪkəʊlɪŋɡwɪstɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psycholinguistics_0.wav
thecodont_0	thecodont	θiːkəˌdɒnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thecodont_0.wav
galactoside_0	galactoside	ɡəlæktəˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galactoside_0.wav
a-list_0	a-list	eɪˌlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/a-/a-list_0.wav
solidus_0	solidus	sɒlɪdəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solidus_0.wav
galen_0	galen	ɡeɪlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/galen_0.wav
chandigarh_0	chandigarh	ˌtʃʌndɪɡɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chandigarh_0.wav
huang_0	huang	hwɑŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/huang_0.wav
lisp_1	lisp	lɪsp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lisp_1.wav
fluoridate_0	fluoridate	flʊərɪˌdeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluoridate_0.wav
northman_0	northman	nɔːθmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/northman_0.wav
nice_1	nice	naɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/nice_1.wav
mattify_0	mattify	mætɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mattify_0.wav
jello_0	jello	dʒɛloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jello_0.wav
ovid_0	ovid	ɒvɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/ovid_0.wav
asbestos_0	asbestos	æsbestɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asbestos_0.wav
cephalopod_0	cephalopod	sɛfələˌpɒd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cephalopod_0.wav
judaea_0	judaea	dʒuːdɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/judaea_0.wav
intracutaneous_0	intracutaneous	ˌɪntrəkjuːteɪnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intracutaneous_0.wav
dentoid_0	dentoid	dɛntɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dentoid_0.wav
mailman_0	mailman	meɪlmæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mailman_0.wav
steeple_0	steeple	stiːpəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/steeple_0.wav
gio_0	gio	dʒiːəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gio_0.wav
interrogate_1	interrogate	ɪnterəgeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/interrogate_1.wav
potato_0	potato	pəteɪtoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/potato_0.wav
giggly_0	giggly	gɪgəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/giggly_0.wav
bum_1	bum	bʌm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bum_1.wav
laminin_0	laminin	læmɪnɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laminin_0.wav
curlew_0	curlew	kɜːʳljuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/curlew_0.wav
ciao_0	ciao	tʃaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/ciao_0.wav
zonetime_0	zonetime	zəʊnˌtaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zo/zonetime_0.wav
darts_0	darts	dɑːts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/darts_0.wav
sigh_0	sigh	saɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sigh_0.wav
garlicked_0	garlicked	ɡɑːlɪkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garlicked_0.wav
pandiculation_0	pandiculation	pænˌdɪkjʊleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pandiculation_0.wav
saxony-anhalt_0	saxony-anhalt	sæksənɪ ɑːnhɑːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saxony-anhalt_0.wav
tqm_0	tqm	tiː kjuː em	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tq/tqm_0.wav
downdraught_0	downdraught	daʊnˌdrɑːft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/downdraught_0.wav
doable_0	doable	duːəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doable_0.wav
obtuse_0	obtuse	əbtjuːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obtuse_0.wav
insert_0	insert	ɪnsɜːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insert_0.wav
salesperson_0	salesperson	seɪlzpɜːʳsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salesperson_0.wav
shul_0	shul	ʃuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shul_0.wav
phenytoin_0	phenytoin	ˌfɛnɪtəʊɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phenytoin_0.wav
yahata_0	yahata	jɑːhɑːˌtɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yahata_0.wav
punk_0	punk	pʌŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/punk_0.wav
accusing_1	accusing	əkjuːzɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accusing_1.wav
after-school_0	after-school	æftəskuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/after-school_0.wav
quotha_0	quotha	kwəʊθə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quotha_0.wav
triticum_0	triticum	trɪtɪkəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triticum_0.wav
mammee_0	mammee	mæmiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mammee_0.wav
sunk_0	sunk	sʌŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sunk_0.wav
synclastic_0	synclastic	sɪŋklæstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synclastic_0.wav
slipcase_0	slipcase	slɪpˌkeɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slipcase_0.wav
district_0	district	dɪstrɪkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/district_0.wav
recife_0	recife	rɛsiːfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recife_0.wav
titman_0	titman	tɪtmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/titman_0.wav
botanical_1	botanical	bətænɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/botanical_1.wav
upfield_0	upfield	ʌpfiːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/up/upfield_0.wav
dumbledore_0	dumbledore	dʌmbəlˌdɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/du/dumbledore_0.wav
regurgitate_1	regurgitate	rɪgɜːʳdʒɪteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/regurgitate_1.wav
weeds_0	weeds	wiːdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weeds_0.wav
ach_0	ach	ɑːx	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/ach_0.wav
abort_1	abort	əbɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abort_1.wav
ayacucho_0	ayacucho	ajakutʃo	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ay/ayacucho_0.wav
epistyle_0	epistyle	ɛpɪˌstaɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epistyle_0.wav
awful_0	awful	ɔːfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aw/awful_0.wav
haggis_0	haggis	hægɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haggis_0.wav
heterolysis_0	heterolysis	ˌhɛtərɒlɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heterolysis_0.wav
madiba_0	madiba	mədiːbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madiba_0.wav
greenwash_0	greenwash	ɡriːnˌwɒʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greenwash_0.wav
cinchona_0	cinchona	sɪŋkəʊnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cinchona_0.wav
tusk_0	tusk	tʌsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tusk_0.wav
tinker_0	tinker	tɪŋkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/tinker_0.wav
weatherboarding_0	weatherboarding	wɛðəˌbɔːdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weatherboarding_0.wav
sheepo_0	sheepo	ʃiːpəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sheepo_0.wav
demi-sec_0	demi-sec	ˌdɛmɪsɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/demi-sec_0.wav
swordbill_0	swordbill	sɔːdˌbɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sw/swordbill_0.wav
unharmed_0	unharmed	ʌnhɑːʳmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unharmed_0.wav
cumin_0	cumin	kʌmɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cumin_0.wav
aroma_0	aroma	əroʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/aroma_0.wav
unfair_0	unfair	ʌnfeəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unfair_0.wav
rah_0	rah	rɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rah_0.wav
polyrhythm_0	polyrhythm	pɒlɪˌrɪðəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polyrhythm_0.wav
follow_0	follow	fɒloʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/follow_0.wav
divorcée_0	divorcée	dəˌvɔːsiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divorcée_0.wav
underquote_0	underquote	ˌʌndəkwəʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underquote_0.wav
belgrade_0	belgrade	belɡreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belgrade_0.wav
uncool_0	uncool	ʌnkul	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uncool_0.wav
bummed_0	bummed	bʌmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bummed_0.wav
precess_0	precess	prɪsɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/precess_0.wav
combine_0	combine	kəmbaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/combine_0.wav
enticement_0	enticement	ɪntaɪsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enticement_0.wav
castleford_0	castleford	kɑːsəlfəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/castleford_0.wav
endameba_0	endameba	ˌɛndəmibə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endameba_0.wav
gak_0	gak	ɡæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gak_0.wav
matchboard_0	matchboard	mætʃˌbɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matchboard_0.wav
obedience_0	obedience	əbiːdɪəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obedience_0.wav
hallucinogen_0	hallucinogen	həluːsɪnədʒen	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hallucinogen_0.wav
absorber_0	absorber	əbzɔːʳbəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/absorber_0.wav
wilts_0	wilts	wɪlts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wilts_0.wav
meatless_0	meatless	mitlɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meatless_0.wav
rhino_0	rhino	raɪnoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/rh/rhino_0.wav
jolly_0	jolly	dʒɒli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/jolly_0.wav
droplet_0	droplet	drɒplət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/droplet_0.wav
izmir_0	izmir	ɪzmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/iz/izmir_0.wav
avon_0	avon	eɪvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/av/avon_0.wav
shook_0	shook	ʃʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shook_0.wav
unlearn_1	unlearn	ʌnlɜːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unlearn_1.wav
mycobacterium_0	mycobacterium	ˌmaɪkəʊbæktɪərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mycobacterium_0.wav
go-getter_0	go-getter	goʊgɛtər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/go-getter_0.wav
bulimia_0	bulimia	buːlɪmiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bulimia_0.wav
confederacy_1	confederacy	kənfedərəsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confederacy_1.wav
riding_0	riding	raɪdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/riding_0.wav
dempster_0	dempster	dɛmpstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dempster_0.wav
sierra_1	sierra	siɛrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sierra_1.wav
onychophoran_0	onychophoran	ˌɒnɪkɒfərən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/onychophoran_0.wav
atheist_0	atheist	eɪθiɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atheist_0.wav
photocomposition_0	photocomposition	ˌfəʊtəʊˌkɒmpəzɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/photocomposition_0.wav
preclude_0	preclude	prɪkluːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/preclude_0.wav
inattention_0	inattention	ɪnətenʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inattention_0.wav
liturgical_1	liturgical	lɪtɜːʳdʒɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liturgical_1.wav
bedstead_0	bedstead	bedsted	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedstead_0.wav
micrurgy_0	micrurgy	maɪkrɜːdʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/micrurgy_0.wav
backroom_0	backroom	bækrʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backroom_0.wav
solicitation_0	solicitation	səlɪsɪteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solicitation_0.wav
cartful_0	cartful	kɑːtˌfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cartful_0.wav
unapt_0	unapt	ʌnæpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unapt_0.wav
scholasticism_1	scholasticism	skəlæstɪˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scholasticism_1.wav
jhatka_0	jhatka	dʒætkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jh/jhatka_0.wav
linseed_0	linseed	lɪnˌsiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/linseed_0.wav
halyard_0	halyard	hæljəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/halyard_0.wav
excluding_0	excluding	ɪkskluːdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/excluding_0.wav
peterson_0	peterson	piːtəsən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peterson_0.wav
4-h_0	4-h	fɔreɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/4-/4-h_0.wav
timorous_0	timorous	tɪmərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/timorous_0.wav
hothouse_0	hothouse	hɒthaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hothouse_0.wav
numbers_0	numbers	nʌmbəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/numbers_0.wav
bajillion_0	bajillion	bədʒɪljən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bajillion_0.wav
mandated_0	mandated	mændeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mandated_0.wav
awoke_0	awoke	əwoʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/aw/awoke_0.wav
lamarckian_0	lamarckian	lɑːmɑːkɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamarckian_0.wav
wentletrap_0	wentletrap	wɛntəlˌtræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/wentletrap_0.wav
moseley_0	moseley	məʊzlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moseley_0.wav
divisional_1	divisional	dɪvɪʒənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/divisional_1.wav
titulus_0	titulus	tɪtjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/titulus_0.wav
showmanship_0	showmanship	ʃoʊmənʃɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/showmanship_0.wav
fatigued_1	fatigued	fətiːgd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fatigued_1.wav
nobleman_0	nobleman	noʊbəlmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nobleman_0.wav
armipotent_0	armipotent	ɑːmɪpətənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/armipotent_0.wav
antung_0	antung	æntʊŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antung_0.wav
audrey_0	audrey	ɔdri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/audrey_0.wav
signifier_0	signifier	sɪgnəˌfaɪər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/signifier_0.wav
lingulate_0	lingulate	lɪŋɡjʊˌleɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lingulate_0.wav
canaanitic_0	canaanitic	ˌkeɪnənɪtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canaanitic_0.wav
tetrode_0	tetrode	tɛtrəʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/tetrode_0.wav
shuttered_0	shuttered	ʃʌtəʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shuttered_0.wav
multipurpose_0	multipurpose	mʌltipɜrpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multipurpose_0.wav
militate_0	militate	mɪlɪteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/militate_0.wav
hangchow_0	hangchow	hæŋtʃaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hangchow_0.wav
ninja_0	ninja	nɪndʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/ninja_0.wav
nunciature_0	nunciature	nʌnsɪətʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nunciature_0.wav
witling_0	witling	wɪtlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/witling_0.wav
classism_0	classism	klɑːsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/classism_0.wav
philanthropic_0	philanthropic	fɪlənθrɒpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/philanthropic_0.wav
kerbing_0	kerbing	kɜːbɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/kerbing_0.wav
stilicho_0	stilicho	stɪlɪˌkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stilicho_0.wav
laptop_0	laptop	læptɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laptop_0.wav
peekaboo_0	peekaboo	piːkəbuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peekaboo_0.wav
occasional_0	occasional	əkeɪʒənəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oc/occasional_0.wav
tortricid_0	tortricid	tɔːtrɪsɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tortricid_0.wav
propeller_1	propeller	prəpeləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propeller_1.wav
pinwheel_0	pinwheel	pɪnˌwiːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinwheel_0.wav
adoptive_0	adoptive	ədɒptɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adoptive_0.wav
rubaiyat_0	rubaiyat	ruːbaɪˌjæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rubaiyat_0.wav
antimatter_0	antimatter	æntimætəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antimatter_0.wav
ensconce_1	ensconce	ɪnskɒns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/ensconce_1.wav
mafted_0	mafted	mæftɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mafted_0.wav
petronius_0	petronius	pɪtrəʊnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petronius_0.wav
deuteronomist_0	deuteronomist	ˌdjuːtərɒnəmɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deuteronomist_0.wav
baryta_0	baryta	bəraɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baryta_0.wav
graining_0	graining	ɡreɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/graining_0.wav
lawton_0	lawton	lɔtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lawton_0.wav
daut_0	daut	dɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/daut_0.wav
psychoprophylaxis_0	psychoprophylaxis	ˌsaɪkəʊˌprəʊfɪlæksɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psychoprophylaxis_0.wav
arjuna_0	arjuna	ɑːdʒʊnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arjuna_0.wav
me-too_0	me-too	mitu	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/me-too_0.wav
pine_0	pine	paɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pine_0.wav
benny_0	benny	bɛnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/benny_0.wav
bibcock_0	bibcock	bɪbˌkɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/bibcock_0.wav
biomagnetics_0	biomagnetics	ˌbaɪəʊmæɡnɛtɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biomagnetics_0.wav
mutant_0	mutant	mjuːtənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mutant_0.wav
waterproof_0	waterproof	wɔːtəʳpruːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waterproof_0.wav
hurtleberry_0	hurtleberry	hɜːtəlˌbɛrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hurtleberry_0.wav
commemoration_0	commemoration	kəˌmɛməreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/commemoration_0.wav
allegheny_0	allegheny	ˌæləgeɪni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/allegheny_0.wav
syndetic_0	syndetic	sɪndɛtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syndetic_0.wav
muffled_0	muffled	mʌfəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/muffled_0.wav
hordern_0	hordern	hɔːdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hordern_0.wav
full-serve_0	full-serve	fʊlsɜrv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/full-serve_0.wav
cornetto_0	cornetto	kɔːnetəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornetto_0.wav
centrum_0	centrum	sɛntrəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/centrum_0.wav
porphyry_0	porphyry	pɔːfɪrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/porphyry_0.wav
despite_0	despite	dɪspaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/despite_0.wav
adenoma_0	adenoma	ˌædɪnəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adenoma_0.wav
plainsman_0	plainsman	pleɪnzmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plainsman_0.wav
endeavour_0	endeavour	ɪndevəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endeavour_0.wav
propaedeutic_0	propaedeutic	ˌprəʊpɪdjuːtɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/propaedeutic_0.wav
nestor_0	nestor	nɛstɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nestor_0.wav
characterization_0	characterization	kærɪktəraɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/characterization_0.wav
ultracentrifuge_0	ultracentrifuge	ˌʌltrəsɛntrɪˌfjuːdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ultracentrifuge_0.wav
lalique_0	lalique	lalik	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lalique_0.wav
big_0	big	bɪg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/big_0.wav
overrule_0	overrule	oʊvəʳruːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overrule_0.wav
unstep_0	unstep	ʌnstɛp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unstep_0.wav
transponder_0	transponder	trænspɑndər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transponder_0.wav
cosmotron_0	cosmotron	kɒzməˌtrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cosmotron_0.wav
ghana_0	ghana	ɡɑːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gh/ghana_0.wav
freedman_0	freedman	friːdˌmæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freedman_0.wav
shot_1	shot	ʃɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shot_1.wav
triumphal_1	triumphal	traɪʌmfəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/triumphal_1.wav
metric_0	metric	metrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metric_0.wav
almonry_0	almonry	ɑːmənrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/almonry_0.wav
littleneck_0	littleneck	lɪtəlˌnɛk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/littleneck_0.wav
handpick_0	handpick	hændpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/handpick_0.wav
wildling_0	wildling	waɪldlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wildling_0.wav
backs_0	backs	bæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backs_0.wav
exposed_1	exposed	ɪkspoʊzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exposed_1.wav
rescript_0	rescript	riːˌskrɪpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rescript_0.wav
wolfensohn_0	wolfensohn	wʊlfənˌsəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wolfensohn_0.wav
damp_1	damp	dæmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/damp_1.wav
virtual_0	virtual	vɜːʳtʃuəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/virtual_0.wav
smatch_0	smatch	smætʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smatch_0.wav
rewind_0	rewind	riːwaɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rewind_0.wav
trillionth_0	trillionth	trɪljənθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trillionth_0.wav
desegregate_0	desegregate	diːsegrɪgeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/desegregate_0.wav
molt_1	molt	moʊlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/molt_1.wav
superposed_0	superposed	ˌsupərpoʊzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/superposed_0.wav
meta-analysis_0	meta-analysis	ˌmɛtəənæləsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meta-analysis_0.wav
incommunicable_0	incommunicable	ˌɪnkəmjuːnɪkəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incommunicable_0.wav
quichua_0	quichua	kɪtʃwə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quichua_0.wav
bolt-hole_0	bolt-hole	bəʊltˌhəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bolt-hole_0.wav
artifact_0	artifact	ɑːʳtɪfækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/artifact_0.wav
altercate_0	altercate	ɔːltəˌkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/altercate_0.wav
stickwork_0	stickwork	stɪkˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stickwork_0.wav
ashen-faced_0	ashen-faced	ˌæʃənfeɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/ashen-faced_0.wav
yow_0	yow	jaʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/yow_0.wav
gravimetric_0	gravimetric	ˌɡrævɪmɛtrɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gravimetric_0.wav
pbs_0	pbs	pi bi ɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pb/pbs_0.wav
ossietzky_0	ossietzky	ˌɒsɪɛtskɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/os/ossietzky_0.wav
undeclared_0	undeclared	ˌʌndɪklɛəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undeclared_0.wav
phenomenal_0	phenomenal	fɪnɒmɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phenomenal_0.wav
stowage_0	stowage	stoʊɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stowage_0.wav
plane_0	plane	pleɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plane_0.wav
cogitative_0	cogitative	kɒdʒɪtətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cogitative_0.wav
lys_0	lys	lis	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lys_0.wav
skydive_0	skydive	skaɪˌdaɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skydive_0.wav
unpretentious_0	unpretentious	ʌnprɪtenʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unpretentious_0.wav
uniformitarianism_0	uniformitarianism	ˌjuːnɪˌfɔːmɪtɛərɪəˌnɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/uniformitarianism_0.wav
atwain_0	atwain	ətweɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atwain_0.wav
all-dayer_0	all-dayer	ˌɔːldeɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/all-dayer_0.wav
monopoly_1	monopoly	mənɒpəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monopoly_1.wav
passageway_0	passageway	pæsɪdʒweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/passageway_0.wav
multimeter_0	multimeter	mʌltɪˌmiːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/multimeter_0.wav
chipboard_0	chipboard	tʃɪpbɔːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chipboard_0.wav
bunk_0	bunk	bʌŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bunk_0.wav
however_0	however	haʊevəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/however_0.wav
purpose_0	purpose	pɜːʳpəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/purpose_0.wav
hauptmann_0	hauptmann	haʊptman	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hauptmann_0.wav
which_0	which	hwɪtʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/which_0.wav
disrespect_0	disrespect	dɪsrɪspekt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disrespect_0.wav
macrolepidoptera_0	macrolepidoptera	ˌmækrəʊˌlɛpɪdɒptərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macrolepidoptera_0.wav
caliph_0	caliph	keɪlɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caliph_0.wav
journalist_0	journalist	dʒɜːʳnəlɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/journalist_0.wav
machtpolitik_0	machtpolitik	mɑːxtˌpɒlɪtiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/machtpolitik_0.wav
insectile_0	insectile	ɪnsɛktəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/insectile_0.wav
chania_0	chania	hɑːnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chania_0.wav
mane_1	mane	meɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mane_1.wav
healer_0	healer	hiːləʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/healer_0.wav
pegboard_0	pegboard	pɛɡˌbɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pegboard_0.wav
thucydides_0	thucydides	θuːsɪdɪˌdiːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thucydides_0.wav
detachment_0	detachment	dɪtætʃmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/detachment_0.wav
beaumont_0	beaumont	bəʊmɒnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaumont_0.wav
underfelt_0	underfelt	ʌndəˌfɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underfelt_0.wav
tulsa_0	tulsa	tʌlsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tulsa_0.wav
hyperthymia_0	hyperthymia	ˌhaɪpəθaɪmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hyperthymia_0.wav
exobiology_0	exobiology	ˌɛksəʊbaɪɒlədʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exobiology_0.wav
immense_0	immense	ɪmens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immense_0.wav
willemite_0	willemite	wɪləˌmaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/willemite_0.wav
bedeswoman_0	bedeswoman	bidzˌwʊmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedeswoman_0.wav
flophouse_0	flophouse	flɒphaʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flophouse_0.wav
iroko_0	iroko	ɪrəʊkəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/iroko_0.wav
talk_1	talk	tɔːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/talk_1.wav
disposal_1	disposal	dɪspoʊzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disposal_1.wav
aragon_0	aragon	ærəɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/aragon_0.wav
workhorse_0	workhorse	wɜːʳkhɔːʳs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/workhorse_0.wav
gear_0	gear	gɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gear_0.wav
musical_0	musical	mjuːzɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/musical_0.wav
door_0	door	dɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/door_0.wav
groom_1	groom	gruːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/groom_1.wav
outbuilding_0	outbuilding	aʊtbɪldɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outbuilding_0.wav
idolize_0	idolize	aɪdəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/idolize_0.wav
kinda_0	kinda	kaɪndə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/kinda_0.wav
enwrap_0	enwrap	ɪnræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enwrap_0.wav
autotrophic_0	autotrophic	ˌɔːtətrɒfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/au/autotrophic_0.wav
direction_0	direction	daɪrekʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/direction_0.wav
unabated_0	unabated	ʌnəbeɪtɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unabated_0.wav
archaeornis_0	archaeornis	ˌɑːkɪɔːnɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/archaeornis_0.wav
govern_0	govern	gʌvəʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/govern_0.wav
heckelphone_0	heckelphone	hɛkəlˌfəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heckelphone_0.wav
aforementioned_1	aforementioned	əfɔːʳmenʃənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/aforementioned_1.wav
foraminifer_0	foraminifer	ˌfɒrəmɪnɪfə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foraminifer_0.wav
undermanned_0	undermanned	ʌndəʳmænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undermanned_0.wav
caption_0	caption	kæpʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caption_0.wav
psychochemical_0	psychochemical	ˌsaɪkəʊkɛmɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psychochemical_0.wav
madzoon_0	madzoon	mɑːdzuːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madzoon_0.wav
polychromatic_0	polychromatic	ˌpɒlɪkrəʊmætɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polychromatic_0.wav
objective_1	objective	əbdʒektɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/objective_1.wav
mongrel_0	mongrel	mʌŋgrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mongrel_0.wav
grist_0	grist	grɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grist_0.wav
bagpipes_0	bagpipes	bægpaɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bagpipes_0.wav
dangerous_0	dangerous	deɪndʒərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dangerous_0.wav
solipsism_0	solipsism	sɒlɪpˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/solipsism_0.wav
shoot_0	shoot	ʃutəmˌʌp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shoot_0.wav
flooring_0	flooring	flɔːrɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flooring_0.wav
concerto_1	concerto	kəntʃeəʳtoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concerto_1.wav
oblivion_1	oblivion	əblɪviən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/oblivion_1.wav
ither_0	ither	ɪðər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/it/ither_0.wav
gallows_0	gallows	gæloʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gallows_0.wav
serkin_0	serkin	sɜrkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/serkin_0.wav
arenaceous_0	arenaceous	ˌærɪneɪʃəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arenaceous_0.wav
caelian_0	caelian	siːlɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caelian_0.wav
undersecretary_0	undersecretary	ʌndərsɛkrətɛri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undersecretary_0.wav
paralegal_0	paralegal	pærəliːgəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paralegal_0.wav
smooth-tongued_0	smooth-tongued	smuðˌtʌŋd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smooth-tongued_0.wav
seborrhea_0	seborrhea	ˌsɛbəriə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seborrhea_0.wav
gae_0	gae	ɡe	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gae_0.wav
yank_1	yank	jæŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yank_1.wav
lend-lease_0	lend-lease	lɛndlis	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lend-lease_0.wav
endgame_0	endgame	endgeɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endgame_0.wav
oft_0	oft	ɒft	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/of/oft_0.wav
okri_0	okri	ɒkrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ok/okri_0.wav
computerate_0	computerate	kəmpjuːtərət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/computerate_0.wav
chroma_0	chroma	krəʊmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chroma_0.wav
invective_1	invective	ɪnvektɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/invective_1.wav
leafhopper_0	leafhopper	lifˌhɑpər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leafhopper_0.wav
lockmaster_0	lockmaster	lɑkˌmæstər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lockmaster_0.wav
unseasoned_0	unseasoned	ʌnsiːzənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unseasoned_0.wav
threads_0	threads	θrɛdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/threads_0.wav
unalienable_0	unalienable	ʌneɪlyənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unalienable_0.wav
pre-tax_0	pre-tax	ˌpriːtæks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/pre-tax_0.wav
gillie_0	gillie	ɡɪlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gillie_0.wav
ischaemia_0	ischaemia	ɪskiːmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/ischaemia_0.wav
gilt_0	gilt	gɪlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gilt_0.wav
approximately_0	approximately	əprɒksɪmɪtlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/approximately_0.wav
congressman_0	congressman	kɒŋgrɪsmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/congressman_0.wav
minnewit_0	minnewit	mɪnəwɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minnewit_0.wav
self-immolation_0	self-immolation	sɛlfˌɪməleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-immolation_0.wav
bedew_0	bedew	bɪdjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bedew_0.wav
smog_1	smog	smɒg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sm/smog_1.wav
port_0	port	pɔːʳt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/port_0.wav
schlock_0	schlock	ʃlɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/schlock_0.wav
deerfly_0	deerfly	dɪəˌflaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deerfly_0.wav
thorny_0	thorny	θɔːʳni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thorny_0.wav
cleisthenes_0	cleisthenes	klaɪsθəˌniːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/cleisthenes_0.wav
orchestration_0	orchestration	ɔːʳkɪstreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orchestration_0.wav
gelatin_0	gelatin	dʒɛlətən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gelatin_0.wav
corunna_0	corunna	kərʌnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corunna_0.wav
snarf_0	snarf	snɑːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sn/snarf_0.wav
momser_0	momser	mɑmzər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/momser_0.wav
infeudation_0	infeudation	ˌɪnfjʊdeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infeudation_0.wav
ethylene_0	ethylene	ɛθɪˌliːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/ethylene_0.wav
char_0	char	tʃɑːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/char_0.wav
rockhound_0	rockhound	rɒkˌhaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rockhound_0.wav
amphibian_0	amphibian	æmfɪbiən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amphibian_0.wav
ony_0	ony	əʊnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/ony_0.wav
leptocephalus_0	leptocephalus	ˌlɛptəʊsɛfələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leptocephalus_0.wav
minivet_0	minivet	mɪnɪvɛt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minivet_0.wav
seafowl_0	seafowl	siːˌfaʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seafowl_0.wav
cowardice_0	cowardice	kaʊəʳdɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cowardice_0.wav
promisee_0	promisee	ˌprɒmɪsiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/promisee_0.wav
gigantic_0	gigantic	dʒaɪgæntɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gigantic_0.wav
musky_0	musky	mʌski	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/musky_0.wav
orangutan_0	orangutan	ɔræŋutæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orangutan_0.wav
lohengrin_0	lohengrin	ləʊɪnɡrɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lohengrin_0.wav
peacekeeper_0	peacekeeper	piːskiːpəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peacekeeper_0.wav
monophobia_0	monophobia	ˌmɒnəʊfəʊbɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monophobia_0.wav
acer_0	acer	eɪsə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acer_0.wav
studbook_0	studbook	stʌdˌbʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/studbook_0.wav
measures_0	measures	mɛʒəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/measures_0.wav
clotho_0	clotho	kləʊθəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clotho_0.wav
fry_1	fry	fraɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/fry_1.wav
putt-putt_0	putt-putt	pʌtˌpʌt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/putt-putt_0.wav
foram_0	foram	ɔːræm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foram_0.wav
immunohistochemistry_0	immunohistochemistry	ˌɪmjʊnəʊˌhɪstəʊkɛmɪstrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immunohistochemistry_0.wav
ogdon_0	ogdon	ɒɡdən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/og/ogdon_0.wav
hesitate_0	hesitate	hezɪteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hesitate_0.wav
posthumous_0	posthumous	pɒstʃʊməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/posthumous_0.wav
dreadful_0	dreadful	dredfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dr/dreadful_0.wav
beaulieu_0	beaulieu	bjuːlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beaulieu_0.wav
legend_0	legend	ledʒənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/legend_0.wav
telegraphic_0	telegraphic	ˌtɛlɪɡræfɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/telegraphic_0.wav
amelogenesis_0	amelogenesis	əˌmiːləʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amelogenesis_0.wav
waal_0	waal	waːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waal_0.wav
lipography_0	lipography	lɪpɒɡrəfɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lipography_0.wav
supersedeas_0	supersedeas	ˌsuːpəsiːdɪæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/supersedeas_0.wav
knur_0	knur	nɜː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kn/knur_0.wav
backblocks_0	backblocks	bækˌblɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/backblocks_0.wav
citronella_0	citronella	ˌsɪtrənɛlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/citronella_0.wav
berate_0	berate	bɪreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/berate_0.wav
sulk_0	sulk	sʌlk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sulk_0.wav
biosafety_0	biosafety	ˌbaɪəʊseɪftɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biosafety_0.wav
academic_0	academic	ækədemɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/academic_0.wav
benevolent_0	benevolent	bɪnevələnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/benevolent_0.wav
globe_1	globe	gloʊb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/globe_1.wav
ileum_0	ileum	ɪlɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/ileum_0.wav
scrappy_0	scrappy	skræpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scrappy_0.wav
arista_0	arista	ərɪstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arista_0.wav
ffestiniog_0	ffestiniog	fɛstɪnjɒɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ff/ffestiniog_0.wav
transitive_0	transitive	trænzɪtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transitive_0.wav
chameleon_1	chameleon	kəmiːliən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chameleon_1.wav
concavo-concave_0	concavo-concave	kɒnˌkeɪvəʊkɒnkeɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/concavo-concave_0.wav
chess_0	chess	tʃes	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chess_0.wav
publicity_0	publicity	pʌblɪsɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/publicity_0.wav
maledict_0	maledict	mælɪdɪkt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maledict_0.wav
tokugawa_0	tokugawa	ˌtəʊkuːɡɑːwə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tokugawa_0.wav
salmonellosis_0	salmonellosis	ˌsælmənɛləʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/salmonellosis_0.wav
flesh-colored_0	flesh-colored	flɛʃˌkʌlərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flesh-colored_0.wav
footlights_0	footlights	fʊtlaɪts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/footlights_0.wav
madd_0	madd	mæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/madd_0.wav
housewife_0	housewife	haʊswaɪf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/housewife_0.wav
mulga_0	mulga	mʌlɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mulga_0.wav
blackfish_0	blackfish	blækˌfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackfish_0.wav
hospodar_0	hospodar	hɒspəˌdɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/hospodar_0.wav
vane_0	vane	veɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vane_0.wav
boart_0	boart	bɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boart_0.wav
rock_1	rock	rɒkənroʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rock_1.wav
escutcheon_0	escutcheon	ɪskʌtʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/escutcheon_0.wav
ramet_0	ramet	ræmɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ramet_0.wav
veal_1	veal	viːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/veal_1.wav
pym_0	pym	pɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/py/pym_0.wav
innit_0	innit	ɪnɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/innit_0.wav
ident_0	ident	aɪdɛnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/id/ident_0.wav
technical_0	technical	teknɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/technical_0.wav
keelhaul_0	keelhaul	kiːlˌhɔːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keelhaul_0.wav
davies_0	davies	deɪvɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/davies_0.wav
self-awareness_0	self-awareness	sɛlfəwɛənɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/self-awareness_0.wav
geology_0	geology	dʒiɒlədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geology_0.wav
niamey_0	niamey	njɑːmeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/niamey_0.wav
weatherize_0	weatherize	wɛðəraɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/we/weatherize_0.wav
you’ve_0	you’ve	juːv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yo/you’ve_0.wav
nub_0	nub	nʌb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/nu/nub_0.wav
crap_1	crap	kræp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crap_1.wav
prevailing_1	prevailing	prɪveɪlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prevailing_1.wav
prodigious_0	prodigious	prədɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/prodigious_0.wav
ectoblast_0	ectoblast	ɛktəʊˌblæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/ectoblast_0.wav
tardigrade_0	tardigrade	tɑːdɪˌɡreɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tardigrade_0.wav
gurindji_0	gurindji	ɡʊrɪndʒɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gurindji_0.wav
reliquiae_0	reliquiae	rɪlɪkwɪˌiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reliquiae_0.wav
stenosis_0	stenosis	stɪnəʊsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stenosis_0.wav
cirebon_0	cirebon	tʃɪərəˌbɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cirebon_0.wav
epicotyl_0	epicotyl	ˌɛpɪkɒtɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epicotyl_0.wav
gunnery_0	gunnery	gʌnəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunnery_0.wav
melamed_0	melamed	məlæmɛd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/melamed_0.wav
hypogeal_0	hypogeal	ˌhaɪpədʒiːəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypogeal_0.wav
mandi_0	mandi	mʌndɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/mandi_0.wav
cheer_0	cheer	tʃɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/cheer_0.wav
adrenocorticotropic_0	adrenocorticotropic	əˌdrinoʊˌkɔrtɪˌkoʊtrɑpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adrenocorticotropic_0.wav
arose_1	arose	əroʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arose_1.wav
lock_1	lock	lɒk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lock_1.wav
sou_0	sou	saʊwestəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sou_0.wav
monotony_0	monotony	mənɒtəni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monotony_0.wav
woodcutter_0	woodcutter	wʊdkʌtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodcutter_0.wav
liberticide_0	liberticide	lɪbɜːtɪˌsaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liberticide_0.wav
waybill_0	waybill	weɪˌbɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waybill_0.wav
sanicle_0	sanicle	sænɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sanicle_0.wav
eclectic_1	eclectic	ɪklektɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/eclectic_1.wav
subminiature_0	subminiature	sʌbmɪnɪətʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subminiature_0.wav
robbins_0	robbins	rɒbɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/robbins_0.wav
sperrylite_0	sperrylite	spɛrɪˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/sperrylite_0.wav
harper_1	harper	hɑːpəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/harper_1.wav
norther_0	norther	nɔːðə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/norther_0.wav
uglify_0	uglify	ʌɡlɪˌfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ug/uglify_0.wav
myrmecophagous_0	myrmecophagous	ˌmɜːmɪkɒfəɡəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/myrmecophagous_0.wav
scent_0	scent	sent	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scent_0.wav
shore_0	shore	ʃɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shore_0.wav
matriculation_0	matriculation	məˌtrɪkjʊleɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matriculation_0.wav
pettifogging_0	pettifogging	petifɒgɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pettifogging_0.wav
ripping_0	ripping	rɪpɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ripping_0.wav
privet_0	privet	prɪvɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pr/privet_0.wav
chokecherry_0	chokecherry	tʃəʊkˌtʃɛrɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chokecherry_0.wav
pediment_0	pediment	pedɪmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pediment_0.wav
haemorrhoid_0	haemorrhoid	hemərɔɪdz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haemorrhoid_0.wav
lycia_0	lycia	lɪsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ly/lycia_0.wav
sextant_0	sextant	sekstənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sextant_0.wav
sublimity_0	sublimity	səblɪməti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sublimity_0.wav
judge_1	judge	dʒʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/judge_1.wav
uigur_0	uigur	wiːɡʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ui/uigur_0.wav
bunodont_0	bunodont	bjuːnəˌdɒnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bunodont_0.wav
trifle_0	trifle	traɪfəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trifle_0.wav
outpoint_0	outpoint	aʊtpɔɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ou/outpoint_0.wav
sane_0	sane	seɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sane_0.wav
foundation_1	foundation	faʊndeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foundation_1.wav
deign_1	deign	deɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deign_1.wav
cesta_0	cesta	sɛstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cesta_0.wav
deglutinate_0	deglutinate	diːɡluːtɪˌneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deglutinate_0.wav
antipodean_0	antipodean	æntɪpədiːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/antipodean_0.wav
puss_1	puss	pʊs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/puss_1.wav
fuss_0	fuss	fʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fuss_0.wav
corneous_0	corneous	kɔːnɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/corneous_0.wav
vexation_0	vexation	vekseɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/vexation_0.wav
obese_1	obese	oʊbiːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obese_1.wav
charles_1	charles	tʃɑrlzɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/charles_1.wav
stockjobber_0	stockjobber	stɒkˌdʒɒbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stockjobber_0.wav
battlement_0	battlement	bætəlmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/battlement_0.wav
scombroid_0	scombroid	skɒmbrɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scombroid_0.wav
baluster_0	baluster	bæləstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baluster_0.wav
tavel_0	tavel	tɑːvɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tavel_0.wav
pinot_0	pinot	piːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pi/pinot_0.wav
low-proof_0	low-proof	loʊpruf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/low-proof_0.wav
disintegrate_1	disintegrate	dɪsɪntɪgreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disintegrate_1.wav
trihydroxy_0	trihydroxy	ˌtraɪhaɪdrɑksi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trihydroxy_0.wav
cornuto_0	cornuto	kɔːnuːtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornuto_0.wav
pelting_0	pelting	pɛltɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pelting_0.wav
janeite_0	janeite	dʒeɪˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/janeite_0.wav
diadem_0	diadem	daɪədem	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diadem_0.wav
pesaro_0	pesaro	peːzaro	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pesaro_0.wav
woodwaxen_0	woodwaxen	wʊdˌwæksən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodwaxen_0.wav
throb_0	throb	θrɒb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/throb_0.wav
finland_0	finland	fɪnlənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/finland_0.wav
ant_1	ant	ænt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/ant_1.wav
dwam_0	dwam	dwɑːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dw/dwam_0.wav
woodcarving_0	woodcarving	wʊdˌkɑːvɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/woodcarving_0.wav
systematist_0	systematist	sɪstɪmətɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/systematist_0.wav
bland_1	bland	blænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bland_1.wav
claustrophobic_0	claustrophobic	klɔːstrəfoʊbɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/claustrophobic_0.wav
flatfish_0	flatfish	flætfɪʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flatfish_0.wav
intension_0	intension	ɪntɛnʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intension_0.wav
gosling_0	gosling	gɒzlɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gosling_0.wav
viridescent_0	viridescent	ˌvɪrɪdɛsənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/viridescent_0.wav
traveller_0	traveller	trævələʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/traveller_0.wav
cedi_0	cedi	seɪdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cedi_0.wav
cowflop_0	cowflop	kaʊˌflɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cowflop_0.wav
teasdale_0	teasdale	tizˌdeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teasdale_0.wav
cree_0	cree	kriː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cree_0.wav
biathlon_0	biathlon	baɪæθlən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biathlon_0.wav
tremendous_0	tremendous	trɪmendəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tremendous_0.wav
fluvoxamine_0	fluvoxamine	fluːvɒksəmiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fluvoxamine_0.wav
phosphocreatine_0	phosphocreatine	ˌfɒsfəkriːəˌtiːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phosphocreatine_0.wav
tripletail_0	tripletail	trɪpəlˌteɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tripletail_0.wav
gingham_0	gingham	gɪŋəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gi/gingham_0.wav
great-grandchild_0	great-grandchild	ˌɡreɪtɡræntʃaɪld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/great-grandchild_0.wav
stimulus_0	stimulus	stɪmjʊləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stimulus_0.wav
cumquat_0	cumquat	kʌmkwɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cu/cumquat_0.wav
siccar_0	siccar	sɪkər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/siccar_0.wav
freshwater_0	freshwater	freʃwɔːtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/freshwater_0.wav
haldane_0	haldane	hɔːldeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haldane_0.wav
clickstream_0	clickstream	klɪkˌstriːm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clickstream_0.wav
trisodium_0	trisodium	traɪsəʊdɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trisodium_0.wav
encopresis_0	encopresis	ˌɛnkəʊpriːsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encopresis_0.wav
candy-ass_0	candy-ass	kændɪˌæs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/candy-ass_0.wav
bloodguilt_0	bloodguilt	blʌdˌɡɪlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/bloodguilt_0.wav
polyzoan_0	polyzoan	ˌpɒlɪzəʊən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polyzoan_0.wav
myxoedema_0	myxoedema	ˌmɪksɪdiːmə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/myxoedema_0.wav
flyoff_0	flyoff	flaɪˌɒf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flyoff_0.wav
hieronymus_0	hieronymus	ˌhaɪərɒnɪməs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hieronymus_0.wav
toheroa_0	toheroa	ˌtəʊərəʊə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toheroa_0.wav
ferrotype_0	ferrotype	fɛrəʊˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/ferrotype_0.wav
lamented_0	lamented	ləmɛntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lamented_0.wav
endomorph_0	endomorph	ɛndəʊˌmɔːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endomorph_0.wav
pentavalent_0	pentavalent	ˌpɛntəveɪlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/pentavalent_0.wav
manchu_0	manchu	mæntʃuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/manchu_0.wav
foison_0	foison	fɔɪzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foison_0.wav
unwanted_0	unwanted	ʌnwɒntɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unwanted_0.wav
breakaway_0	breakaway	breɪkəweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/breakaway_0.wav
deactivate_1	deactivate	diæktɪveɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deactivate_1.wav
pairs_0	pairs	pɛəz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pairs_0.wav
inability_0	inability	ɪnəbɪlɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inability_0.wav
adjoining_0	adjoining	ədʒɔɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/adjoining_0.wav
maccabean_0	maccabean	ˌmækəbiːən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/maccabean_0.wav
silurian_0	silurian	saɪlʊərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/silurian_0.wav
painty_0	painty	peɪnti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/painty_0.wav
unplug_1	unplug	ʌnplʌg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unplug_1.wav
yite_0	yite	jəɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yi/yite_0.wav
churrigueresque_0	churrigueresque	ˌtʃʊərɪɡərɛsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/churrigueresque_0.wav
waiter_0	waiter	weɪtəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/waiter_0.wav
anandamide_0	anandamide	ənændəˌmaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anandamide_0.wav
cassaba_0	cassaba	kəsɑːbə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cassaba_0.wav
overscore_0	overscore	ˌəʊvəskɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overscore_0.wav
artiste_1	artiste	ɑːʳtiːst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/artiste_1.wav
ferry_0	ferry	feri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/ferry_0.wav
ornithopter_0	ornithopter	ɔːnɪˌθɒptə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/ornithopter_0.wav
bonce_1	bonce	bɒns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bonce_1.wav
acquire_0	acquire	əkwaɪəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/acquire_0.wav
dichromate_0	dichromate	daɪkrəʊmeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dichromate_0.wav
enervating_0	enervating	enəʳveɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/enervating_0.wav
dainty_0	dainty	deɪnti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dainty_0.wav
strode_1	strode	stroʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strode_1.wav
obsessed_0	obsessed	əbsest	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ob/obsessed_0.wav
microhabitat_0	microhabitat	ˌmaɪkrəʊhæbɪtæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/microhabitat_0.wav
sharif_0	sharif	ʃæriːf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/sharif_0.wav
announcement_1	announcement	ənaʊnsmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/announcement_1.wav
ambler_0	ambler	æmblə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/ambler_0.wav
alagez_0	alagez	ɑlɑɡœz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alagez_0.wav
oar_0	oar	ɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oar_0.wav
full-bore_0	full-bore	fʊlbɔr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/full-bore_0.wav
stapedectomy_0	stapedectomy	ˌstæpɪdɛktəmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stapedectomy_0.wav
imperative_1	imperative	ɪmperətɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/imperative_1.wav
wotcher_0	wotcher	wɒtʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wo/wotcher_0.wav
spider_0	spider	spaɪdəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spider_0.wav
indolence_0	indolence	ɪndələns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indolence_0.wav
fuelled_0	fuelled	fjuːəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fuelled_0.wav
glean_1	glean	gliːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glean_1.wav
blackthorn_0	blackthorn	blækˌθɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blackthorn_0.wav
affectionate_0	affectionate	əfekʃənət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affectionate_0.wav
designing_0	designing	dɪzaɪnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/designing_0.wav
fay_1	fay	feɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fay_1.wav
tocher_0	tocher	tɒxər	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tocher_0.wav
conserve_1	conserve	kənsɜːʳv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/conserve_1.wav
lungki_0	lungki	lʊŋkiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lungki_0.wav
doos_0	doos	dʊəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doos_0.wav
niobium_0	niobium	naɪəʊbɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ni/niobium_0.wav
metathesize_0	metathesize	mɪtæθɪˌsaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metathesize_0.wav
verhaeren_0	verhaeren	vɜːhɑːrən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ve/verhaeren_0.wav
resigned_1	resigned	rɪzaɪnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resigned_1.wav
al-aqsa_0	al-aqsa	æl æksə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/al-aqsa_0.wav
tutorial_0	tutorial	tjuːtɔːriəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tutorial_0.wav
lockstep_0	lockstep	lɒkstɛp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lockstep_0.wav
recit_0	recit	resi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/recit_0.wav
lumpenproletariat_0	lumpenproletariat	ˌlʌmpənˌprəʊlɪtɛərɪət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lumpenproletariat_0.wav
futurist_0	futurist	fjuːtʃərɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/futurist_0.wav
flyby_0	flyby	flaɪbaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flyby_0.wav
owl_2	owl	aʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ow/owl_2.wav
garda_0	garda	ɡɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/garda_0.wav
tantalum_0	tantalum	tæntələm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tantalum_0.wav
ulu_0	ulu	uːluː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ul/ulu_0.wav
fool_2	fool	fuːl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fool_2.wav
spikelet_0	spikelet	spaɪklɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spikelet_0.wav
fun_1	fun	fʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fun_1.wav
unhelpful_0	unhelpful	ʌnhelpfʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unhelpful_0.wav
tope_0	tope	təʊp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tope_0.wav
metamorphose_0	metamorphose	metəmɔːʳfoʊz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/metamorphose_0.wav
richen_0	richen	rɪtʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/richen_0.wav
alackaday_0	alackaday	əlækədeɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alackaday_0.wav
rome_1	rome	rəʊm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/rome_1.wav
ignorance_0	ignorance	ɪgnərəns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ig/ignorance_0.wav
jerkin_0	jerkin	dʒɜːʳkɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/je/jerkin_0.wav
edibles_0	edibles	ɛdɪbəlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ed/edibles_0.wav
crokinole_0	crokinole	krɒkəˌnəʊl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/crokinole_0.wav
abington_0	abington	æbɪŋtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ab/abington_0.wav
stertorous_0	stertorous	stɜːtərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stertorous_0.wav
headfirst_0	headfirst	hɛdfɜrst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/headfirst_0.wav
sedition_1	sedition	sɪdɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sedition_1.wav
chicane_0	chicane	ʃɪkeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chicane_0.wav
horopito_0	horopito	hɔːrɔːpiːtɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/horopito_0.wav
suppressive_0	suppressive	səprɛsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppressive_0.wav
emoji_1	emoji	ɪmoʊdʒiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emoji_1.wav
belmopan_0	belmopan	ˌbɛlməpæn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/belmopan_0.wav
theodore_0	theodore	θiəˌdɔr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/theodore_0.wav
cephalization_0	cephalization	ˌsɛfəlaɪzeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ce/cephalization_0.wav
toot_1	toot	tuːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/toot_1.wav
condense_0	condense	kəndens	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/condense_0.wav
campaigner_0	campaigner	kæmpeɪnəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/campaigner_0.wav
somatomedin_0	somatomedin	ˌsəʊmətəmiːdɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/somatomedin_0.wav
complacency_0	complacency	kəmpleɪsənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/complacency_0.wav
trichinous_0	trichinous	trɪkɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trichinous_0.wav
raeburn_0	raeburn	reɪˌbɜːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/raeburn_0.wav
syncom_0	syncom	sɪnˌkɒm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/syncom_0.wav
checkpoint_0	checkpoint	tʃekpɔɪnt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/checkpoint_0.wav
gloxinia_0	gloxinia	ɡlɒksɪnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/gloxinia_0.wav
polyphone_0	polyphone	pɒlɪˌfəʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polyphone_0.wav
hypothymia_0	hypothymia	haɪpəθaɪmɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypothymia_0.wav
caramel_0	caramel	kærəmel	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/caramel_0.wav
co-ordinate_0	co-ordinate	koʊɔːʳdɪneɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/co-ordinate_0.wav
erythromelalgia_0	erythromelalgia	ɪˌrɪθrəʊmɛlældʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erythromelalgia_0.wav
hysterics_0	hysterics	hɪsterɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hysterics_0.wav
middlemost_0	middlemost	mɪdəlˌməʊst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/middlemost_0.wav
electrodynamics_0	electrodynamics	ɪˌlɛktrəʊdaɪnæmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electrodynamics_0.wav
personage_0	personage	pɜːʳsənɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/personage_0.wav
dehorn_0	dehorn	diːhɔːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/dehorn_0.wav
atropos_0	atropos	ætrəˌpɒs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/atropos_0.wav
slating_0	slating	sleɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/slating_0.wav
meiny_0	meiny	meɪnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meiny_0.wav
ripstop_0	ripstop	rɪpˌstɒp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ripstop_0.wav
sexpert_0	sexpert	sɛkspɜːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sexpert_0.wav
systole_0	systole	sɪstəlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/systole_0.wav
feedstuff_0	feedstuff	fiːdˌstʌf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/feedstuff_0.wav
minimoto_0	minimoto	mɪnɪˌməʊtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minimoto_0.wav
teraflops_0	teraflops	tɛrəˌflɑps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/teraflops_0.wav
gaijin_0	gaijin	ɡaɪdʒɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gaijin_0.wav
hantavirus_0	hantavirus	hæntəˌvaɪrəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hantavirus_0.wav
pol_0	pol	pɑl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pol_0.wav
peacemaking_0	peacemaking	piːsmeɪkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peacemaking_0.wav
gunfight_0	gunfight	gʌnfaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gunfight_0.wav
dixie_0	dixie	dɪksɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dixie_0.wav
tuberous_0	tuberous	tjuːbərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tuberous_0.wav
saraband_0	saraband	særəˌbænd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/saraband_0.wav
synthespian_1	synthespian	ˌsɪnθɛspɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/synthespian_1.wav
junkyard_0	junkyard	dʒʌŋkjɑːʳd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/junkyard_0.wav
endrin_0	endrin	ɛndrɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/endrin_0.wav
titania_0	titania	taɪteɪnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/titania_0.wav
laser_0	laser	leɪzəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laser_0.wav
encamp_0	encamp	ɪnkæmp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/en/encamp_0.wav
fore_1	fore	fɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/fore_1.wav
calypso_1	calypso	kəlɪpsoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calypso_1.wav
percuss_0	percuss	pəkʌs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/percuss_0.wav
transversal_0	transversal	trænzvɜːsəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/transversal_0.wav
whaleboat_0	whaleboat	weɪlˌbəʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whaleboat_0.wav
half-assed_0	half-assed	hæfˌæst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/half-assed_0.wav
seedcake_0	seedcake	siːdˌkeɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/seedcake_0.wav
cassareep_0	cassareep	kæsəˌriːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cassareep_0.wav
survival_1	survival	səʳvaɪvəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/survival_1.wav
ro-ro_0	ro-ro	rəʊrəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/ro-ro_0.wav
emulsify_0	emulsify	ɪmʌlsɪfaɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emulsify_0.wav
illuminating_0	illuminating	ɪluːmɪˌneɪtɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illuminating_0.wav
regardant_0	regardant	rɪɡɑːdənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/regardant_0.wav
trickle_0	trickle	trɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trickle_0.wav
equalitarian_0	equalitarian	ɪˌkwɒlɪtɛərɪən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eq/equalitarian_0.wav
deaf_0	deaf	def	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/deaf_0.wav
vanilla_0	vanilla	vənɪlə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vanilla_0.wav
eyebolt_0	eyebolt	aɪˌbəʊlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyebolt_0.wav
skort_0	skort	skɔːt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sk/skort_0.wav
brush_0	brush	brʌʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/br/brush_0.wav
eyelet_0	eyelet	aɪlɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ey/eyelet_0.wav
nondrinker_0	nondrinker	ˌnɒndrɪŋkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nondrinker_0.wav
etiology_0	etiology	iːtiɒlədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/et/etiology_0.wav
evasive_0	evasive	ɪveɪsɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evasive_0.wav
emancipation_0	emancipation	ɪˌmænsɪpeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/emancipation_0.wav
jager_0	jager	jeɪɡə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jager_0.wav
respiration_0	respiration	respɪreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/respiration_0.wav
kainite_0	kainite	kaɪnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ka/kainite_0.wav
ephemeron_0	ephemeron	ɪfɛməˌrɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/ephemeron_0.wav
minstrelsy_0	minstrelsy	mɪnstrəlsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/minstrelsy_0.wav
flash-forward_0	flash-forward	flæʃfɔrwərd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flash-forward_0.wav
craze_0	craze	kreɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/craze_0.wav
ironmaster_0	ironmaster	aɪənˌmɑːstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ir/ironmaster_0.wav
rectory_0	rectory	rektəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rectory_0.wav
ratsbane_0	ratsbane	rætsˌbeɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/ratsbane_0.wav
mobocracy_0	mobocracy	mɒbɒkrəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/mobocracy_0.wav
volition_0	volition	vəlɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/volition_0.wav
generally_0	generally	dʒenrəli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/generally_0.wav
resemblance_0	resemblance	rɪzembləns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/resemblance_0.wav
popstrel_0	popstrel	pɒpstrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/popstrel_0.wav
hutchins_0	hutchins	hʌtʃɪnz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hutchins_0.wav
sioux_0	sioux	suː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/si/sioux_0.wav
donny_0	donny	dɒnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/donny_0.wav
hammertoe_0	hammertoe	hæməˌtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/hammertoe_0.wav
greatest_0	greatest	ɡreɪtɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/greatest_0.wav
reasonable_0	reasonable	riːzənəbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reasonable_0.wav
monotype_0	monotype	mɒnəˌtaɪp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/monotype_0.wav
fasciation_0	fasciation	ˌfæʃɪeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/fasciation_0.wav
moldau_0	moldau	mɔldau	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mo/moldau_0.wav
immortelle_0	immortelle	ˌɪmɔːtɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/im/immortelle_0.wav
cintra_0	cintra	sɪntrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ci/cintra_0.wav
basicranial_0	basicranial	ˌbæsɪkreɪnɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basicranial_0.wav
savoury_0	savoury	seɪvəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/savoury_0.wav
bondman_0	bondman	bɑndmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bondman_0.wav
taken_0	taken	teɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/taken_0.wav
hdtv_0	hdtv	eɪtʃ diː tiː viː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hd/hdtv_0.wav
frippery_0	frippery	frɪpəri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fr/frippery_0.wav
phobia_0	phobia	foʊbiə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ph/phobia_0.wav
beadwork_0	beadwork	biːdˌwɜːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beadwork_0.wav
bubbly_0	bubbly	bʌbli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bu/bubbly_0.wav
vara_0	vara	vɑːrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vara_0.wav
headmistressy_0	headmistressy	ˌhɛdmɪstrɪsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/headmistressy_0.wav
pfennig_0	pfennig	fenɪg	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pf/pfennig_0.wav
cyanogenesis_0	cyanogenesis	ˌsaɪənəʊdʒɛnɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cy/cyanogenesis_0.wav
arteritis_0	arteritis	ˌɑːtəraɪtɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arteritis_0.wav
astor_0	astor	æstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astor_0.wav
vacuum-packed_0	vacuum-packed	vækjuˌpækt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/vacuum-packed_0.wav
confutation_0	confutation	ˌkɑnfjuteɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/confutation_0.wav
sourwood_0	sourwood	saʊəˌwʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/sourwood_0.wav
diva_0	diva	diːvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/diva_0.wav
soapbox_0	soapbox	soʊpbɒks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soapbox_0.wav
ankylostomiasis_0	ankylostomiasis	ˌæŋkɪˌlɒstəmaɪəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/ankylostomiasis_0.wav
chinchow_0	chinchow	dʒɪndʒoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chinchow_0.wav
hydrazide_0	hydrazide	haɪdrəˌzaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hydrazide_0.wav
baseman_0	baseman	beɪsmən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baseman_0.wav
sufficiency_0	sufficiency	səfɪʃənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sufficiency_0.wav
ride_0	ride	raɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ri/ride_0.wav
pterosaur_0	pterosaur	tɛrəˌsɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pt/pterosaur_0.wav
owensboro_0	owensboro	oʊənzˌbɜroʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ow/owensboro_0.wav
dweeb_1	dweeb	dwiːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/dw/dweeb_1.wav
repentant_1	repentant	rɪpentənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/repentant_1.wav
scundered_0	scundered	skʌndəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scundered_0.wav
tubicolous_0	tubicolous	tjuːbɪkələs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tu/tubicolous_0.wav
arcsin_0	arcsin	ɑːkˌsaɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ar/arcsin_0.wav
lampedusa_0	lampedusa	ˌlæmpɪdjuːzə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/lampedusa_0.wav
basingstoke_0	basingstoke	beɪzɪŋˌstəʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basingstoke_0.wav
iodic_0	iodic	aɪɒdɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/io/iodic_0.wav
decennium_0	decennium	dɪsɛnɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decennium_0.wav
meltemi_0	meltemi	mɛltɛmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/meltemi_0.wav
truancy_0	truancy	truːənsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/truancy_0.wav
echidna_0	echidna	ɪkɪdnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ec/echidna_0.wav
underdeveloped_0	underdeveloped	ʌndəʳdɪveləpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/underdeveloped_0.wav
exfoliant_0	exfoliant	ɛksfəʊlɪənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exfoliant_0.wav
devalue_0	devalue	diːvæljuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/devalue_0.wav
apt_1	apt	æpt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/apt_1.wav
pangaea_0	pangaea	pændʒiːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pangaea_0.wav
pulsometer_0	pulsometer	pʌlsɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pulsometer_0.wav
malone_0	malone	məloʊn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/malone_0.wav
coastal_0	coastal	koʊstəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coastal_0.wav
wizen_0	wizen	wɪzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wi/wizen_0.wav
splash_1	splash	splæʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/splash_1.wav
gomulka_0	gomulka	ɡəmʊlkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/gomulka_0.wav
poddle_0	poddle	pɒdəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/poddle_0.wav
trover_0	trover	trəʊvə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trover_0.wav
elohist_0	elohist	ɛləʊhɪst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elohist_0.wav
ronald_0	ronald	rɑnəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ro/ronald_0.wav
sensor_0	sensor	sensəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sensor_0.wav
inessential_0	inessential	ɪnɪsenʃəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inessential_0.wav
depurate_0	depurate	dɛpjʊˌreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/depurate_0.wav
cornball_0	cornball	kɔrnbɔl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/cornball_0.wav
normalize_0	normalize	nɔːʳməlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/normalize_0.wav
oncovirus_0	oncovirus	ˌɒŋkəʊvaɪərəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/on/oncovirus_0.wav
bottler_0	bottler	bɒtələʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bottler_0.wav
streetlight_0	streetlight	striːtlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/streetlight_0.wav
spore_1	spore	spɔːʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sp/spore_1.wav
yips_0	yips	jɪps	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yi/yips_0.wav
glide_0	glide	glaɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gl/glide_0.wav
inspirator_0	inspirator	ɪnspɪˌreɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inspirator_0.wav
nerdic_0	nerdic	nɜːdɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/nerdic_0.wav
killikinick_0	killikinick	ˌkɪlɪkɪnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ki/killikinick_0.wav
parvenue_0	parvenue	pɑːvəˌnjuː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parvenue_0.wav
illegitimate_0	illegitimate	ɪlɪdʒɪtɪmət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/il/illegitimate_0.wav
haptoglobin_0	haptoglobin	ˌhæptəɡləʊbɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ha/haptoglobin_0.wav
wretch_1	wretch	retʃ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wretch_1.wav
appley_0	appley	æplɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/appley_0.wav
furtive_0	furtive	fɜːʳtɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/furtive_0.wav
accustomed_1	accustomed	əkʌstəmd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accustomed_1.wav
tayra_0	tayra	taɪrə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tayra_0.wav
sextet_1	sextet	sekstet	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/sextet_1.wav
callao_0	callao	kaʎao	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/callao_0.wav
inefficacy_0	inefficacy	ɪnɛfɪkəsi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inefficacy_0.wav
yuma_0	yuma	jumə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/yu/yuma_0.wav
c-section_0	c-section	siˌsɛkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/c-/c-section_0.wav
dornick_0	dornick	dɔːnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/dornick_0.wav
rectum_0	rectum	rektəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/rectum_0.wav
nada_0	nada	nɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/na/nada_0.wav
melon_0	melon	melən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/melon_0.wav
symposiac_0	symposiac	sɪmpəʊzɪˌæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sy/symposiac_0.wav
keble_0	keble	kiːbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ke/keble_0.wav
sculptural_0	sculptural	skʌlptʃərəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/sculptural_0.wav
polyatomic_0	polyatomic	ˌpɒlɪətɒmɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/polyatomic_0.wav
suppress_0	suppress	səpres	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/suppress_0.wav
pataka_0	pataka	pɑːtɑːkɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pataka_0.wav
hialeah_0	hialeah	ˌhaɪəliːə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hialeah_0.wav
boudicca_0	boudicca	bəʊdɪkə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/boudicca_0.wav
mecca_0	mecca	mekə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/mecca_0.wav
tafilelt_0	tafilelt	tæfiːlɛlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tafilelt_0.wav
erethism_0	erethism	ɛrɪˌθɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erethism_0.wav
rundale_0	rundale	rʌnˌdeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/rundale_0.wav
2,4-d_0	2,4-d	ˌtuˌfɔrdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/2,/2,4-d_0.wav
exhilaration_1	exhilaration	ɪgzɪləreɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/exhilaration_1.wav
makurdi_0	makurdi	məkɜːdɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/makurdi_0.wav
bosk_0	bosk	bɒsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bosk_0.wav
santolina_0	santolina	ˌsæntəliːnə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/santolina_0.wav
valladolid_0	valladolid	baʎaðolið	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valladolid_0.wav
unmercifully_0	unmercifully	ʌnmɜːʳsɪfʊli	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unmercifully_0.wav
ferritin_0	ferritin	fɛrɪtɪn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/ferritin_0.wav
denning_0	denning	dɛnɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/denning_0.wav
dagan_0	dagan	dɑːɡən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/dagan_0.wav
sarmie_0	sarmie	sɑːmɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sarmie_0.wav
hereditament_0	hereditament	ˌhɛrɪdɪtəmənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/hereditament_0.wav
sludge_1	sludge	slʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sl/sludge_1.wav
reunification_0	reunification	riːjuːnɪfɪkeɪʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/reunification_0.wav
dithionite_0	dithionite	daɪθaɪəˌnaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dithionite_0.wav
coachload_0	coachload	koʊtʃloʊd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coachload_0.wav
lists_0	lists	lɪsts	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/lists_0.wav
bounce_1	bounce	baʊns	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/bounce_1.wav
elkhound_0	elkhound	ɛlkˌhaʊnd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/elkhound_0.wav
plaid_0	plaid	plæd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plaid_0.wav
quindecennial_0	quindecennial	ˌkwɪndɪsɛnɪəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/qu/quindecennial_0.wav
yark_0	yark	jɑːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ya/yark_0.wav
undisposed_0	undisposed	ˌʌndɪspəʊzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undisposed_0.wav
barret_0	barret	bærɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/barret_0.wav
trypanosomiasis_0	trypanosomiasis	ˌtrɪpənəsəmaɪəsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trypanosomiasis_0.wav
blemished_0	blemished	blemɪʃt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bl/blemished_0.wav
liverwurst_0	liverwurst	lɪvərˌwɜrst	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/li/liverwurst_0.wav
bezazz_0	bezazz	bɪzæz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/bezazz_0.wav
scamster_0	scamster	skæmstə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scamster_0.wav
sac_0	sac	sæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sac_0.wav
epineurium_0	epineurium	ˌɛpɪnjʊərɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ep/epineurium_0.wav
both_0	both	boʊθ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bo/both_0.wav
gallium_0	gallium	ɡælɪəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ga/gallium_0.wav
shadow_0	shadow	ʃædoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sh/shadow_0.wav
beseeching_0	beseeching	bɪsiːtʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beseeching_0.wav
fee_0	fee	fiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fe/fee_0.wav
paraphilia_0	paraphilia	ˌpærəfɪlɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/paraphilia_0.wav
heterophony_0	heterophony	ˌhɛtərɒfənɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/he/heterophony_0.wav
hypercube_0	hypercube	haɪpəˌkjuːb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hy/hypercube_0.wav
hizbollah_0	hizbollah	ˌhɪzbəlɑː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hi/hizbollah_0.wav
yseult_0	yseult	ɪsuːlt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ys/yseult_0.wav
treaty_0	treaty	triːti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/treaty_0.wav
alforja_0	alforja	ælfɔːdʒə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/al/alforja_0.wav
tombigbee_0	tombigbee	tɑmbɪgbi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tombigbee_0.wav
scald_0	scald	skɔːld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scald_0.wav
erato_0	erato	ɛrəˌtəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/er/erato_0.wav
whale_1	whale	hweɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wh/whale_1.wav
pokeweed_0	pokeweed	pəʊkˌwiːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/po/pokeweed_0.wav
amulet_0	amulet	æmjʊlət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amulet_0.wav
tarsier_0	tarsier	tɑːsɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tarsier_0.wav
voicemail_0	voicemail	vɔɪsˌmeɪl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/voicemail_0.wav
pun_1	pun	pʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pu/pun_1.wav
vitiligo_0	vitiligo	ˌvɪtɪlaɪɡəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vitiligo_0.wav
esda_0	esda	ɛzdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/es/esda_0.wav
amyloid_0	amyloid	æmɪˌlɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amyloid_0.wav
longinus_0	longinus	lɒndʒaɪnəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/longinus_0.wav
macaw_0	macaw	məkɔː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/macaw_0.wav
terylene_0	terylene	tɛrɪˌliːn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/te/terylene_0.wav
subliminal_0	subliminal	sʌblɪmɪnəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subliminal_0.wav
dime_0	dime	daɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dime_0.wav
disturb_0	disturb	dɪstɜːʳb	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disturb_0.wav
matelasse_0	matelasse	mætlæseɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ma/matelasse_0.wav
lerwick_0	lerwick	lɜːwɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/lerwick_0.wav
undulant_0	undulant	ʌndjʊlənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undulant_0.wav
merton_0	merton	mɜːtən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/merton_0.wav
bacchus_0	bacchus	bækəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/bacchus_0.wav
jaconet_0	jaconet	dʒækənɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ja/jaconet_0.wav
zootechnics_0	zootechnics	ˌzəʊətɛknɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/zo/zootechnics_0.wav
klondike_0	klondike	klɒndaɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/kl/klondike_0.wav
johannesburg_0	johannesburg	dʒəʊhænɪsˌbɜːɡ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/jo/johannesburg_0.wav
familiar_0	familiar	fəmɪliəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fa/familiar_0.wav
disposal_0	disposal	dɪspoʊzəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disposal_0.wav
olive_0	olive	ɒlɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/olive_0.wav
chebyshev_0	chebyshev	tʃɛbɪˌʃɒfs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chebyshev_0.wav
negator_0	negator	nɪɡeɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/negator_0.wav
depersonalize_0	depersonalize	diːpɜːʳsənəlaɪz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/depersonalize_0.wav
climb_0	climb	klaɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/climb_0.wav
jumada_0	jumada	dʒʊmɑːdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ju/jumada_0.wav
foyles_0	foyles	fɔɪlz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fo/foyles_0.wav
lowbrow_0	lowbrow	loʊbraʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lo/lowbrow_0.wav
extractor_0	extractor	ɪkstræktəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extractor_0.wav
addressee_0	addressee	ædresiː	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ad/addressee_0.wav
soundless_0	soundless	saʊndləs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/so/soundless_0.wav
fleshy_0	fleshy	fleʃi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/fleshy_0.wav
christiania_0	christiania	ˌkrɪstɪɑːnɪə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/christiania_0.wav
calcareous_0	calcareous	kælkɛərɪəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/calcareous_0.wav
peely-wally_0	peely-wally	piːlɪwælɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/peely-wally_0.wav
bht_0	bht	ˌbiˌeɪtʃti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bh/bht_0.wav
leavings_0	leavings	liːvɪŋz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/le/leavings_0.wav
infinitude_1	infinitude	ɪnfɪnɪˌtjuːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/infinitude_1.wav
unspeak_0	unspeak	ʌnspiːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unspeak_0.wav
tropic_0	tropic	trɒpɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/tropic_0.wav
dis_1	dis	dɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/dis_1.wav
valdemar_0	valdemar	vɑldəˌmɑr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/va/valdemar_0.wav
overlook_0	overlook	oʊvəʳlʊk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ov/overlook_0.wav
rajkot_0	rajkot	rɑːdʒkəʊt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ra/rajkot_0.wav
disabuse_0	disabuse	dɪsəbjuːz	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/di/disabuse_0.wav
affair_1	affair	əfeəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affair_1.wav
flocking_0	flocking	flɑkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fl/flocking_0.wav
tapestry_0	tapestry	tæpɪstri	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ta/tapestry_0.wav
unstable_1	unstable	ʌnsteɪbəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unstable_1.wav
damson_0	damson	dæmzən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/da/damson_0.wav
incognita_0	incognita	ˌɪnkɒɡniːtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/incognita_0.wav
parking_0	parking	pɑːʳkɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/parking_0.wav
tonsure_0	tonsure	tɒnʃə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tonsure_0.wav
netting_0	netting	netɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/netting_0.wav
baoding_0	baoding	baʊdɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/baoding_0.wav
originality_0	originality	əˌrɪdʒɪnælɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/originality_0.wav
affinity_1	affinity	əfɪnɪti	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/af/affinity_1.wav
coda_0	coda	koʊdə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/coda_0.wav
evaporate_0	evaporate	ɪvæpəreɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ev/evaporate_0.wav
vinifera_0	vinifera	vɪnɪfərə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vi/vinifera_0.wav
fiasco_0	fiasco	fiæskoʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fiasco_0.wav
cartographer_0	cartographer	kɑːʳtɒgrəfəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/cartographer_0.wav
ticktack_0	ticktack	tɪkˌtæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ti/ticktack_0.wav
mystic_0	mystic	mɪstɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/my/mystic_0.wav
basque_0	basque	bæsk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/basque_0.wav
isopach_0	isopach	aɪsəʊˌpæk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/is/isopach_0.wav
oaky_0	oaky	əʊkɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/oa/oaky_0.wav
gerontocracy_0	gerontocracy	ˌdʒɛrɒntɒkrəsɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/gerontocracy_0.wav
balneotherapy_0	balneotherapy	ˌbælnɪəθɛrəpɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ba/balneotherapy_0.wav
nonteaching_0	nonteaching	ˌnɒntiːtʃɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonteaching_0.wav
strategy_0	strategy	strætədʒi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/strategy_0.wav
mileage_0	mileage	maɪlɪdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mi/mileage_0.wav
selene_0	selene	sɪliːnɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/se/selene_0.wav
petrifaction_0	petrifaction	ˌpɛtrɪfækʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pe/petrifaction_0.wav
chiseled_0	chiseled	tʃɪzəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ch/chiseled_0.wav
unsympathetic_0	unsympathetic	ʌnsɪmpəθetɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/unsympathetic_0.wav
tonk_0	tonk	tɒŋk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/to/tonk_0.wav
gruntled_0	gruntled	ɡrʌntəld	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/gruntled_0.wav
washaway_0	washaway	wɒʃəˌweɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wa/washaway_0.wav
fix_1	fix	fɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fi/fix_1.wav
nymph_1	nymph	nɪmf	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ny/nymph_1.wav
doughy_0	doughy	doʊi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/do/doughy_0.wav
aggressive_1	aggressive	əgresɪv	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ag/aggressive_1.wav
subgroup_0	subgroup	sʌbgruːp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/subgroup_0.wav
restored_0	restored	rɪstɔːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/re/restored_0.wav
hull_1	hull	hʌl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/hu/hull_1.wav
trim_1	trim	trɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/tr/trim_1.wav
stipitate_0	stipitate	stɪpɪˌteɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stipitate_0.wav
wrestling_0	wrestling	reslɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/wr/wrestling_0.wav
extricate_0	extricate	ekstrɪkeɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ex/extricate_0.wav
asgard_0	asgard	æsɡɑːd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/asgard_0.wav
gui_0	gui	gui	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gu/gui_0.wav
amerce_0	amerce	əmɜːs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/am/amerce_0.wav
megahit_0	megahit	mɛɡəˌhɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/me/megahit_0.wav
pantechnicon_0	pantechnicon	pæntɛknɪkən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pa/pantechnicon_0.wav
psychoanalysis_0	psychoanalysis	saɪkoʊənælɪsɪs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ps/psychoanalysis_0.wav
scott_0	scott	skɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sc/scott_0.wav
undersell_0	undersell	ˌʌndəsɛl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undersell_0.wav
undertaker_0	undertaker	ʌndəʳteɪkəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/un/undertaker_0.wav
got_0	got	gɒt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/go/got_0.wav
sun_0	sun	sʌn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/su/sun_0.wav
stern_0	stern	stɜːʳn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/stern_0.wav
ploidy_0	ploidy	plɔɪdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/ploidy_0.wav
organizer_0	organizer	ɔːʳgənaɪzəʳ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/organizer_0.wav
inverness_0	inverness	ˌɪnvənɛs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/inverness_0.wav
neoplasticism_0	neoplasticism	ˌniːəʊplæstɪˌsɪzəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ne/neoplasticism_0.wav
thousand_0	thousand	θaʊzənd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/th/thousand_0.wav
ruction_0	ruction	rʌkʃən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ru/ruction_0.wav
comecon_0	comecon	kɒmɪˌkɒn	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/co/comecon_0.wav
electrothermics_0	electrothermics	ɪˌlɛktrəʊθɜːmɪks	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/el/electrothermics_0.wav
orchestral_1	orchestral	ɔːʳkestrəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/or/orchestral_1.wav
fungistat_0	fungistat	fʌndʒɪˌstæt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fungistat_0.wav
anaglypta_0	anaglypta	ˌænəɡlɪptə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/an/anaglypta_0.wav
biotherapy_0	biotherapy	ˌbaɪoʊθɛrəpi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/bi/biotherapy_0.wav
string_1	string	strɪŋ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/st/string_1.wav
indisposed_0	indisposed	ɪndɪspoʊzd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/indisposed_0.wav
void_1	void	vɔɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/vo/void_1.wav
aphonic_0	aphonic	əfɒnɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ap/aphonic_0.wav
attlee_0	attlee	ætlɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/at/attlee_0.wav
sanctum_0	sanctum	sæŋtəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/sa/sanctum_0.wav
accolade_0	accolade	ækəleɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ac/accolade_0.wav
nonmetallic_0	nonmetallic	ˌnɒnmɪtælɪk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonmetallic_0.wav
laterad_0	laterad	lætəræd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/la/laterad_0.wav
europe_0	europe	jʊərəp	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/eu/europe_0.wav
intensity_1	intensity	ɪntɛnsɪtɪ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/in/intensity_1.wav
delavigne_0	delavigne	dəlavinjə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/delavigne_0.wav
gnar_0	gnar	nɑr	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gn/gnar_0.wav
mutiny_0	mutiny	mjuːtɪni	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/mu/mutiny_0.wav
decorum_0	decorum	dɪkɔːrəm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/de/decorum_0.wav
lugano_0	lugano	lʊɡɑːnəʊ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/lu/lugano_0.wav
homonym_0	homonym	hɒmənɪm	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ho/homonym_0.wav
plunket_0	plunket	plʌŋkət	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/pl/plunket_0.wav
embody_0	embody	ɪmbɒdi	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/em/embody_0.wav
gnat_1	gnat	næt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gn/gnat_1.wav
geek_1	geek	giːk	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ge/geek_1.wav
ahistorical_0	ahistorical	ˌeɪhɪstɒrɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ah/ahistorical_0.wav
cryolite_0	cryolite	kraɪəˌlaɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cr/cryolite_0.wav
canticle_0	canticle	kæntɪkəl	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ca/canticle_0.wav
nonreligious_0	nonreligious	ˌnɒnrɪlɪdʒəs	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/no/nonreligious_0.wav
olfactometer_0	olfactometer	ˌɒlfæktɒmɪtə	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/ol/olfactometer_0.wav
fudge_0	fudge	fʌdʒ	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/fu/fudge_0.wav
beresford_0	beresford	bɛrɪsˌfəd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beresford_0.wav
clearheaded_0	clearheaded	klɪrhɛdɪd	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/cl/clearheaded_0.wav
beethoven_0	beethoven	beɪtˌhəʊvən	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/be/beethoven_0.wav
grossularite_0	grossularite	ɡrɒsjʊləˌraɪt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/gr/grossularite_0.wav
astringent_1	astringent	əstrɪndʒənt	/Volumes/Files/Georgetown/AdvancedMachineLearning/Project Data/DataSet/Audio Files/as/astringent_1.wav
